{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Acinonyx Prototype
|Faction=Split
|Class={{M6+class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Honoured Strong Arm of Rhonkar| 24m}}
|Minspeed=100
|Maxspeed=190
|Minaccel=7
|Maxaccel=13.3
|Minsteer=2.1
|Maxsteer=4
|Hull=360000
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=600
|Shieldreactor= 1500
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=800
|Maxcargo=1000
|Lasercap=25000
|Laserrecharge=2.100
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=12
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Top
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Bottom
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=1|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}

{{Infobox close}}

==Overview==
The Acinonyx Prototype is the newest [[M6+]] introduced in Albion Prelude 3.0. It has formidable speed, strong laser recharge and massive frontal firepower. It is the only ship other than [[M7M]]s able to fire [[Boarding Pods|boarding pods]].

==Background==
===Encyclopedia Entry===
This unique ship was custom built to act as a testbed for newly developed technologies. It was designed completely from scratch to incorporate Ho t'Sh't's prototype Matter/Antimatter engine. Equipped with expanded laser generators for weapons testing and missile systems, which have been modified to launch boarding pods, the Acinonyx Prototype is a force to be reckoned with.
==Physical Characteristics==
The Acinonyx resembles a Terran ship, except with typical Split modifications. It is essentially a catamaran, with two symmetrical hulls joined together by the cockpit. The main guns are located immediately in front of the cockpit, and spin like a minigun when fired. The ship is the typical Split rust-red color with yellow lighting.
==Combat==
The Acinonyx features twelve forward batteries able to fire the high-damage [[Concussion Impulse Generator]] or [[Ion Shard Railgun]], with a large energy reserve and powerful generator. Notably, it can fire [[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]]es, an extremely powerful tool for dealing with large targets, though the ship cannot fire them in barrages like [[M7M]]s can.

Though dangerous from the front, the Acinonyx has only average shielding for its class, and its defensive turrets do not mount any heavy weaponry. However, it can easily outrun any target it cannot outgun.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Banshee Missile]]
*[[Boarding Pod]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
|
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
|}

==Availability==
This ship is only available as a reward for completing the Shady Business plot. Like the X-Shuttle, it can't be reverse-engineered in a PHQ.

== See Also ==

{{M6+}}