{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Agamemnon
|Faction=Paranid
|Class={{M7class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed= 63.5
|Maxspeed= 107.9
|Minaccel= 5
|Maxaccel= 8.38 
|Minsteer= 1.8
|Maxsteer= 3.0 
|Hull= 150000/600000
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=6
|Maxshieldstrength=6000
|Shieldreactor= 6100
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo= 2000
|Maxcargo= 3600
|Lasercap= 62000
|Laserrecharge= 1550 
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
A more offensively-minded [[Paranid]] frigate when compared to the staple [[Deimos]], the Agamemnon, or 'Aggy' can mount 12 [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher]]s across its front, left and right turrets. It also has the same weapon compatibility and gun slots in the main gun as the Deimos. Otherwise, it is equivalent in shields (6GJ), generators and speed to the Deimos, though its extra weaponry means its docking bay is omitted. A very capable frigate, though vulnerable from above and below where there is a significant blindspot which its turrets cannot bear on. This ship cannot be bought on the market and needs to be successfully [[boarding|boarded]] by a player.

==Background==
Regrettably mass-production of the Agamemnon-class fell foul of the same budget diversion which claimed the Hyperion hybrid M6. This unique prototype was commandeered for use by the Priest Duke and transferred to Duke's Domain.
==Physical Characteristics==
Looks like a plane with massively oversized air intakes under the wings. It is one of the more aesthetically pleasing ships in the Universe, though the view from the cockpit is bland and it is almost impossible for an attacking ship to miss from above and below due to the Aggy's flat shape. Like all Paranid ships, it is a shiny reddish-brown colour with faint patterns.

== Combat ==
A more well-rounded frigate than its sister ship, the [[Deimos]], the Aggy is more than capable of defeating opposing frigates and even larger craft. With a large shield reserve more fitting for a carrier and a high-end generator, if you can get hold of an Agamemnon it will serve you well in any combat situation. As with all PSG-capable ships, it is an important decision whether to send it alone with no fighters but armed with PSGs, or to give it escorts and the less dangerous [[Flak Artillery Array]].

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Hornet Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
|
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
Not sold by shipyards, must be [[Bigship Boarding|boarded]] to be acquired.<br>
Approximate ship value: {{formatnum:38237260}}

== Suggested Roles==

The Agamemnon is suitable on its own as a heavy strike craft OOS, thanks to its PSG compatibility, massive frontal firepower, heavy shielding, and lack of fighter bays.

== See Also==
*[[Ares|Paranid Ares]]
*[[Ariadne|Paranid Ariadne]]
*[[Deimos|Paranid Deimos]]

{{M7}}


{{Paranid Navbox}}