<!-- source file: index__q26c72b5b8281.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Albatross |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TLclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 27274154}} |Minspeed=58.7 |Maxspeed=88 |Minaccel=3 |Maxaccel=4 |Minsteer=0.3 |Maxsteer=0.5 |Hull=180000 (TC) / 1,800,000 (AP) |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=6 |Maxshieldstrength=1200 |Shieldreactor= 3200 |Cargoclass=ST |Mincargo=43000 |Maxcargo=43000 |Lasercap=17100 |Laserrecharge=171 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|7 {{Fighterdock}}}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== A terribly poor showing from the Teladi once again in the transport category, the Albatross' only saving grace is its shielding, with a small cargobay (it can only carry 2-3 stations max, which is uncharacteristic of the usual Teladi philosophy), pathetic speed and a profile that can even be hit with the notoriously inaccurate [[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher]]. The Albatross is expensive, incapable of defending itself and slow. This ship used to be one of the most powerful fortresses in the game back in X2, where it had one of the highest shield counts of any ship. Those days are long gone, however. ==Background== This huge transporter is too large for any space station and carries its own fleet of smaller transporter ships which load and unload its cargo. It is one of the best shielded large transporter ships, a testimony to the Teladi trait of preferring to last long enough until help arrives. Its basic design and technology is a hybrid between an older version of the Argon Mammoth and the Paranid Hercules. ==Physical Characteristics== The Albatross is one of the largest ships in the X-universe. It shares similar design clues from other teladi vessels with a very geometric hull. Like most transports, the Albatross boasts many blind spots, allowing a skilled and patient pilot to hide under its many external fuel tanks and wear away at its hull. Because of its scale, it is an easy target for even the most inaccurate weapons. == Combat == The Albatross deals with all combat situations in the same way; it jumps out to escape. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" |- style="{{Colour/Teladi}}" ! width="120px" | Variant !! [[Ceo's Sprite]] !! [[Grand Exchange]] !! [[Ianamus Zura]] !! [[Ministry of Finance]] !! [[PTNI Headquarters]] !! [[Seizewell]] |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Albatross || x || x || x || x || x || x |} == Suggested Roles== Because of its massive size and relatively low defensive capabilities, the Albatross should never be brought into a battle. However, its large hangar bay and cargo space can support a small to medium sized fleet outside sector limits. It can also be used as a mobile supply depot, allowing entrepreneurs to transport and store ships, goods and equipment. The Albatross is expensive for a TL, especially considering its relatively small cargo bay and poor speed. Unless game circumstances prevent the player from acquiring a different TL, using more capable TLs like the [[Elephant]] or [[Mammoth]] is recommended. == See Also== {{TL}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Teladi Navbox}}