{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Angel
|Faction=Boron
|Class={{TPclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Boron Queen's Guard| 1840087}}
|Minspeed=86.2
|Maxspeed=155.1
|Minaccel=5
|Maxaccel=10
|Minsteer=3.3
|Maxsteer=5.9
|Hull=96,000
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=100
|Shieldreactor= 600
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=800
|Maxcargo=1600
|Lasercap=1540
|Laserrecharge=15
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Up
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The most advanced [[TP]]-class ship, the Angel is fast, has a very large capacity for its class, can carry [[XL]]-class cargo and uncharacteristically for a [[Boron]] ship is quite capable of defending itself from light fighters. However, it's ability comes with a serious price tag.

==Background==
A purpose-built transport for the Boron Lar and other members of the royal family and senior dignitaries. With enhanced defensive capabilities and long-range communications, the Boron royal family can travel in relative security.

With the commercialisation of the [[Manta]], and its age showing a little obsolescence, the Angel was commissioned as the new transport ship for the Boron royal family.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Angel shares many typical features with other Boron ships, such as its organic green plating and organic shape. It has flared "fins" in all four directions.
== Combat ==
The Angel has almost the fighting prowess of a [[TM]]-class ship, with shields that are only equivalent to the lightest TMs. It is the premier [[Commonwealth]]-designed choice if one has to launch a boarding operation from a TP-class ship. It has the ability to fight off a lightweight attacker but only in very experienced hands should it be used in any offensive role against an opponent that will shoot back.

== Equipment ==

'''Built-In Equipment'''
*[[Cargo Lifesupport System]]

'''Missiles'''
{|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
|
*[[Aurora Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
|}

== Availability ==

{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|- style="{{Colour/Boron}}"
! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !!  [[Great Reef]] !!  [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]] 
|-
| Angel ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || x ||
|}

== Suggested Roles==

* Passenger and Luxury transport missions.
* [[Marine]] transport and storage.
* Spacewalk [[boarding]]
* Due to the fact the Angel can carry [[XL]]-sized cargo it can be used as a fast, but small and expensive [[TS]] alternative.

== See Also==
{{TP}}
{{TPcategory}}
[[Category:Boron ships]]
{{Boron Navbox}}