<!-- source file: index__q8c09b91941ac.html -->

{{Infobox Sector |Race= Argon |SecLevel= Border |Population= 43,355,289 |Planets= 4 |SunLevel= 150 |GateDist= 90 |Gates=&lt;table style="background-color:whiteSmoke;text-align:right;"> &lt;tr style="text-align:center;">&lt;th>Gate&lt;/th>&lt;th>x&lt;/th>&lt;th>y&lt;/th>&lt;th>z&lt;/th>&lt;th>Destination&lt;/th>&lt;/tr> {{Gateblock2|West|-30,200|0|11,000|[[Power Circle]]}} {{Gateblock2|South|-3,370|0|-28,200|[[The Hole]]}} &lt;/table> }} ==Description== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== This sector was once occupied by the [[Argon|Argon Federation's]] largest station, the Antigone. It was attacked in 215 by the largest [[Xenon]] fleet known to date. The station launched its defense fleet when one of the Xenon ships fired into the docking bays, destroying several fighter wings and setting off a chain reaction from damaged propulsion systems in the process. The station was destroyed, killing thousands of people. Some crew and visitors managed to make it through the emergency escape pods that were recovered once the Xenon retreated. In one of the largest recovery efforts ever made by the Argon, medevac ships were dispatched to assist. One of these, the Springbird, was attacked while leaving the sector, forcing it into the atmosphere of the planet 'Sandwell'. All contact was subsequently lost. The recovery operation was extended to find survivors on the planet surface, none were ever located, perhaps from the scorching heat from the local star. The outpost has now become a place of remembrance for the many Argon who travel here to honor their war dead. ==Default [[Stations]]== *[[Argon Equipment Dock]] *[[Free Argon Trading Station]] *[[Cattle Ranch M]] alpha *[[Cattle Ranch L]] beta *[[Cattle Ranch M]] gamma *[[Solar Power Plant L]] alpha *[[Solar Power Plant M]] beta *[[Wheat Farm L]] alpha *[[Wheat Farm M]] beta *[[Wheat Farm L]] gamma ==[[Asteroids]]== {{Asteroid/Begin}} {{Asteroid/Item|Ore|90|-5000|-22900|15400}} {{Asteroid/Item|Ore|21|456|790|3430}} {{Asteroid/Item|Ore|18|-10300|342|1540}} {{Asteroid/Item|Ore|13|-1100|-3320|13000}} {{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|61|13200|-1130|17500}} {{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|61|12300|-9520|17900}} {{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|26|-16000|2680|6520}} {{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|6|8940|3310|14200}} {{Asteroid/End}} {{Argon Navbox}}