<!-- source file: index__q930167ce8be8.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Aquilo |Faction=OTAS |Class={{M7Mclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Argon|Federation Marshal 38206712}} |Minspeed=54 |Maxspeed=91.8 |Minaccel=7 |Maxaccel=13 |Minsteer=0.5 |Maxsteer=0.8 |Hull=280000 |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=6000 |Shieldreactor= 5900 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=7000 |Maxcargo=8000 |Lasercap=50500 |Laserrecharge=1262 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=8}} {{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=8}} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The original [[M7M|M7M Missile Frigate]], the Aquilo is intended for one purpose; leaving nothing standing in its wake. ==Background== The Aquilo was an experiment by [[OTAS]] to produce an artillery platform capable of taking down any target from long range. The solution was a Frigate-sized ship armed with multiple missile launchers to bombard the target with specialist ordnance from a safe distance. It was so tremendously potent that, by necessity for their survival against this new [[M7M]] class of ship, it was quickly copied by every other power in the X-Universe as no existing vessel could provide an answer to it. As more design and development time has been spent on the Aquilo, it remains the most powerful warship south of [[Heretic's End]]. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == Matching the shields of the [[Gannet]] and with increased speed and a second point defence turret, the Aquilo holds the accolade of being the most powerful [[Commonwealth]] ship, and the second most powerful ship in the game after the [[Skirnir]]. == Equipment == The Aquilo is cheap for a Missile Frigate, this is probably because it is one of the only ones not compatible with [[boarding pods]]. For boarding, OTAS has its specialized boarding missile frigate the [[Sirokos]]. {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]] *[[Flail Barrage Missile]] |} == Availability == *[[OTAS Shipyard]] in [[Legend's Home]] == Suggested Roles== Killing things. If you want to exterminate a Xenon invasion, and you want to do it quickly, this ship can do that. If you want to eradicate an entire sector, with only one ship, this ship can do that. If you want massive slowdown on your pc due to lots of things flying around, this ship can do that. == See Also== {{M7M}}