{{Infobox Faction
|Faction=Argon
|Speciestype= Humanoid
|Homeworld=[[Argon Prime]], Sonra System (Originally [[Earth]], Solar System)
|Systems=31
|Population=
|Government=Democracy
|Ranks={{Rank List|Hero of the Federation
|Protector of the Federation
|Federation Overwatch
|Federation Marshall
|Federation Guardian
|Trusted Ally
|Accepted Advisor
|Confirmed friend
|Federation Associate
|Federation Member
|Citizen
|Suspected Foe
|Known antagonist
|Confirmed Insurgent
|Confirmed enemy
|Enemy of the Federation}}
}}

The Argon are one of the races in the X Universe, collectively known as the Argon Federation. They share borders with the Kingdom of Boron and the [[Paranid|Paranid Empire]] with several outlier sectors sharing borders with the [[Split|Split Dynasty]] and [[Teladi|Teladi Company]]. They are also the only race to share a border with the [[Terran]]s.

The Argon Federation is governed by a democratic body with every city and space station being represented with its own senator. The leader of the Federation is known as the President. They are a member of the [[Races#Community of Planets|Community of Planets]], a founding member of the [[Races#Foundation Guild|Foundation Guild]] and allies with the [[Boron|Kingdom of Boron]].

=General=
Today, the Argon Federation is wealthy and encompasses a large number of very different types of planets. Some are deserts while others are icy wastes. The planet Argon Prime is the heart of the Federation and is the seat of government and all other administration. It is also one of the most exciting planets in the X universe. Not only is it the home of culture, science and learning, one can also find the finest entertainment. In addition to the Geodesic Holiday homes it offers thousands of bars, restaurants, theatres, casinos, holosuites, cinemas, holiday villas, everything, in fact, that makes it the finest rest and recreation center in any known universe.

The Argon Federation is governed by an elected parliament. Each city, colony and space station represented by senators elected by their electorate. The leader of the Argon Parliament is called President. Currently, a male Argon called Frann Herron holds this position.
==Government and politics==
The Argon Federation is a democratic society where each city and space station (factory) is represented by a Senator. Each senator is elected by simple plurality in the district. The President is also elected by simple plurality in the entire Federation. The current president of the Argon Federation is Frann Herron.
===Foreign relations and military===
The Argon and Boron share an undefended border, co-operate on military exercises and technological advances, and are each others largest trading partner. Nevertheless, the Argon Federation also has its own foreign policy specifically with the Paranid Empire with whom the Argon has cordial but strained relations.

An industrialized society, the Argon currently have one of the most well-rounded ships in the known universe which has made the Argon Fleet formidable in its own right. Since the Xenon Conflict, the Argon have produced a wide variety of ships from fast scouts to large carriers for its fleet, the most notable of which is the Argon One that patrols Argon Prime. These ships are also available for purchase by private individuals or corporations assuming one has the proper authorization and enough credits.

==History==
The Argon are the descendants of the fleet of daring pilots commanded by [[Nathan R. Gunne]] that led the Terraformer fleet away from Earth and through the subsequently destroyed Earth jumpgate, trapping both fleets in the gate network. When it became apparent that they were never returning home, the survivors started to rebuild their lives and eventually began to collectively call themselves "Argon" in remembrance of Gunne's sacrifice. It would be many centuries before the Argon would know of the term [[Terran]] again.

==Culture==
==Geography and Climate==
Genetically identical to Terrans, Argon worlds range from the desert planet Sandwell in [[Antigone Memorial]], to the Earth-like planet [[Omicron Lyrae]].

=Science and Technology=
===Ships===
The Argon build the most balanced ships in the X-Universe. One can see the Boron influence that mirrors their joint development. When you buy an Argon ship you get a good all-around versatile vessel. In addition, since the Argon do not share the peaceful nature of the Boron, you may be able to install the Mass Driver Gatling gun.  This weapon was developed according to specifications found in some old documents. The Split were so impressed by this weapon that paid enormous licensing fees so that they could manufacture it as well.

With the development of the Nova, an M3 class fighter and successor to the aging Elite, the Argon were the first race to install a rear turret in a heavy fighter. Technologically advanced shipyards enable the Argon to build better ships by increasing shield capacity and improving engine performance. Whereas, in the past, you may have laughed about the old Elite, it is a different story today. Although the Nova is still one of the slowest heavy fighters, her fire power will quickly silence any critics. Similar upgrades were installed in the Buster, an M4 fighter, and the newly introduced Argon Centaur Corvette, while the Elite has since been redesigned and brought back into service.

In reality, most Argon craft are very average in every area. In some respects they are often above-average, but they usually have no outstanding strengths or weaknesses. Notably, they possess the [[Mammoth]], which is arguably the best choice for station building and transporting large amounts of material. They possess the [[Eclipse]], which has unbelievably strong shielding for an M3+ class and is well-suited to escorting trade ships, where their lack of speed is not a major concern. Any ships offered by [[OTAS]], which is dependent on your reputation with the Argon, tend to be excellent for their respective roles.

*[[Colossus|M1 Argon Colossus]]
*[[Titan_(ship)|M2 Argon Titan]]
*[[Nova|M3 Argon Nova]]
*[[Eclipse|M3+ Argon Eclipse]]
*[[Buster|M4 Argon Buster]]
*[[Elite|M4+ Argon Elite]]
*[[Discoverer|M5 Argon Discoverer]]
*[[Arrow|M5 Argon Arrow]]
*[[Starburst|M5 Argon Starburst]]
*[[Centaur|M6 Argon Centaur]]
*[[Heavy_Centaur|M6+ Argon Heavy Centaur]]
*[[Cerberus|M7 Argon Cerberus]]
*[[Minotaur|M7M Argon Minotaur]]
*[[Griffon|M7C Argon Griffon]]
*[[Gladiator|M8 Argon Gladiator]]
*[[Mammoth|TL Argon Mammoth]]
*[[Mercury(ship)|TS Argon Mercury]]
*[[Express|TP Argon Express]]
*[[Phantom|TP Argon Phantom]]
*[[Magnetar|TM Argon Magnetar]]
Albion Prelude Ships
*[[Lotan|TS+ Argon Lotan]]
*[[Aamon|M3+ Argon Aamon]]

===Stations===
====Shipyards====
Argon Shipyards are known as [[Federal Argon Shipyard]]s and are known to exist in the following sectors:
*[[Argon Prime]]
*[[Cloudbase South East]] (super)
*[[Legend's Home]] (super)
*[[Omicron Lyrae]]
*[[Argon Sector M148]]
*[[Light of Heart]]

====List of Stations====

*[[List of Argon Factories:XTC]]

=Territories=
{| cellpadding="10"
|- valign="top"
|
==Core Worlds==
#[[Argon Prime]]
#[[Herron's Nebula]]
#[[Home of Light]]
#[[Legend's Home]]
#[[Light of Heart]]
#[[Montalaar]]
#[[Red Light]]
#[[Ringo Moon]]
#[[The Wall]]
#[[Omicron Lyrae]]

|

==Border Worlds==
#[[Akeela's Beacon]]
#[[Aladna Hill]]
#[[Antigone Memorial]]
#[[Argon Sector M148]]
#[[Belt of Aguilar]]
#[[Black Hole Sun]]
#[[Circle Of Labour]]
#[[Cloudbase North West]]
#[[Cloudbase South East]]
#[[Cloudbase South West]]
#[[Elena's Fortune]]
#[[Getsu Fune]]
#[[Interworlds]]
#[[Midnight Star]]
#[[Nathan's Voyage]]
#[[Nyana's Hideout]]
#[[Ore Belt]]
#[[Power Circle]]
#[[President's End]]
#[[The Hole]]
#[[Three Worlds]]
#[[Treasure Chest]]
#[[Wastelands]]
|}

=Food=
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]]

{{Races}}
{{Argon Navbox}}