{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Asp
|Faction=Split
|Class={{M4+class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 1337617}}
|Minspeed=75
|Maxspeed=225
|Minaccel=36
|Maxaccel=108
|Minsteer=17.9
|Maxsteer=53.8
|Hull=10400
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=25
|Shieldreactor= 220
|Cargoclass=M
|Mincargo=38
|Maxcargo=108
|Lasercap=2450
|Laserrecharge=61
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=6
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The [[Split]] [[M4+]], the '''Asp''' improves on the [[M4]] [[Scorpion]] primarily in shield strength. It is able to mount the [[Pulsed Beam Emitter|PBE]], giving it an edge over most craft of its class.

==Background==
The Asp is a highly maneuverable medium fighter, which can hold its own against most similar-sized opponents.

==Physical Characteristics==
Painted rusty red like all [[Split]] ships, the Asp resembles a crab's pincer, with two fuselages that meet at a combined cockpit/engine section at the stern.

== Combat ==
Typical of Split ships, the Asp relies on its heavy firepower and evasive capabilities to defeat foes at the expense of shielding. The Asp's 25MJ shield is enough to take a few glancing blows from an M3, while giving it almost complete dominance over basic M4s and M5s.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
The Asp is available at the majority of [[Split Shipyard]]s.
{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|+ '''Availability'''
|- style="{{Colour/Split}}"
! Variant !! [[Cho's Defeat]] !! [[Family Njy]] !! [[Family Pride]] !! [[Family Rhy]] !! [[Family Tkr]] !! [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] !! [[Rhonkar's Might]] !! [[Rhonkar's Trial]] !! [[Zyarth's Dominion]]
|-
! Asp || X || X || X || X || X ||   || X ||   ||  
|}

== Suggested Roles==
The Asp is a good mid-range fighter to use on carriers due to its reasonable cost, heavy firepower and good evasion. Its PBE compatibility makes it deadly against all classes of ship, while it costs a fraction the amount of an M3.

== See Also==
*[[Scorpion|Split Scorpion]]

{{M4+}}


{{Split Navbox}}