==Objective==
Usually the description will have some sob story in it, but the objective is simple; find target, kill target. 

==General Difficulty:==
Can be extremely hard if you go in without the right ship and weapons. 

These [[missions]] get harder as the games progress. They are in all cases Pirate or Yaki ships (sometimes Terrans too, in Albion Prelude). So I advise not to do these if you are trying to build up a rep with them.

As the assassination target is often hostile to the race that offered the mission, they can spawn in a crowded sector and be killed by a patrol before you can even reach them. Waiting until you obtain [[jumpdrive]] makes these missions significantly easier.

==What you will need: ==

* [[M3]]/[[M4]] - early in the game and combat ranking low. 
* [[M3+]]/[[M6]]/[[M7]] - later on with high combat ranking. 
* [[M1]]/[[M2]] - with very high combat ranks - by vbruzual 
* [[Jumpdrive]] - Some of the time limits are restrictive, so you will need to get there fast. 
* Fair amount of [[sectors]] explored. If you are in an area you haven't explored much, then you might want to delay taking on the mission until you have explored at least 5 sectors around. Last thing you want is have to hunt down a guy in a sector you don't know where it is. 

==What you will find: ==

* M3/TS with some M3/M4/M5 escorts early on. 
* M6 with two or three M6 escorts and some fighters later on. 
* Many M6's and fighters - with higher combat ranking.
* M1s, M7s or M2s at very high ranks.

==Commentary==
* Attacking ships costs reputation with the faction you're attacking.
* The target will always spawn near a gate, most often the gate in the direction you are coming from, but not always. A lot of time can be saved from the mission's time limit by jumping to the sector, then jumping again to the corresponding gate the target spawned at.

{{Missions}}