{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Astraeus Hauler [AP]
|Faction=OTAS
|Class={{M7class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Argon|Federation Marshal 36,302,643}}
|Minspeed=73
|Maxspeed=132.3
|Minaccel=7
|Maxaccel=13
|Minsteer=1.6
|Maxsteer=2.9
|Hull=480,000
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=4000
|Shieldreactor= 6050
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=2500
|Maxcargo=2975
|Lasercap=63000
|Laserrecharge=1575
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=0|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Top
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=1|pbc=1|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=1|pbc=1|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Bottom
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay={{Dockbay|7 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}}
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
Similar to the Argon Cerberus in appearance and function, the OTAS Astraeus is superior to its counterpart in almost every way except for a comparatively inferior cargo space. With a bigger laser generator, higher speed (it is among the fastest frigates at over 130m/s) and more shields there is little to justify use of the Cerberus over it. Being OTAS developed its availability is limited to the company shipyard facility in Legend's Home.

==Background==
Excelling in perimeter defence and task group escort duties, the Astraeus-class frigate is an essential part of the OTAS fleet.
==Physical Characteristics==
Identical to the Cerberus, the Astraeus has a long cuboidal hull of silver plating.
== Combat ==
Like the Cerberus it takes after, the Astraeus cannot mount effective anti-capital weaponry, but excels as an anti-fighter flak platform.
== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Hornet Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
|
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
This ship is not available in the Vanilla game but is purchaseable in Albion Prelude at the OTAS Shipyard located in Legend's Home.

== Suggested Roles==
As with the Cerberus, anti-fighter combat. It makes an excellent escort for a heavy M2 like the [[Boreas]], allowing the Boreas to mount more anti-capital weaponry.
== See Also==
{{M7}}
[[Category: Carrier]]