{{Infobox Faction
|Faction='''A'''rtificial '''G'''eneral <br/> '''I'''ntelligence Task Force
|Speciestype= Human
|Homeworld=[[Earth]]
|Systems=
|Population=
|Government=Branch of the [[Terran]] military
|Ranks= {{Rank List|Command Access
|Operations Access
|Research Access
|Earth Access
|Lunar Access
|Mercury Access
|Venus Access
|Mars Access
|Asteroid Belt Access
|Outer System Access
|System Access
|Suspect Programmer
|Tech Fugitive
|Known AGI Sympathiser
|Illegal AGI Developer
|AGI Task Force Nemesis}}
}}

==General==
{{sectstub}}
The '''AGI Task Force''' is a branch of the [[Terran]] military tasked with protecting [[Earth]] from [[terraformer]]s and other artificial intelligence threats.  It operates its own fleet largely independent of the United Space Command.
==Government and politics==
{{sectstub}}

==Foreign relations and military==
{{sectstub}}

==History==
{{sectstub}}

==Culture==
{{sectstub}}

==Geography and Climate==
{{sectstub}}

==Science and Technology==
The ATF uses the same Terran technological base as its sister service the United Space Command. Generally, ATF ships have similar performance and roles to their USC counterparts, but with even better combat abilities, mainly even more shielding and firepower potential. ATF ships can't be ordinarily bought. While a [[Vidar]] is available as a mission reward in Terran Conflict, the only other ways to get ahold of a mighty ATF ship is through pilot ejection or a boarding action.

The ATF possess the Valhalla, a mighty flagship that can easily outclass other capital ships, combining the capabilities of a carrier and a destroyer with 14GJ of shielding. However, it's so big that it has issues fitting through Jump Gates.
===Ships===
{| class="prettytable sortable" border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0" style="text-align:right;"
|+ '''ATF Ships'''
 ! Name !! Race !! class !! Max shields !! Num shields !! [[Shields|Shield type]] !! Turrets !! Weapon generator !! Shield generator !! Max speed !! Max cargo !! [[Cargo Class]] !! Hangar !! Price*   
|-
|[[Odin]] || [[ATF]] || [[M1]] ||  || 5 || 2GJ || 6 || 105,000 || 8,500 || 85.00 || 12,500 || ST || 44 || 0
|-
|[[Woden]] || [[ATF]] || [[M1]] ||  || 6 || 2GJ || 6 || 107,000 || 9,000 || 90.00 || 12,000 || XL || 30 || 0
|-
|[[Tyr]] || [[ATF]] || [[M2]] ||  || 6 || 2GJ || 6 || 450,000 || 15,000 || 64.00 || 8,000 || XL ||  || 0
|-
|[[Valhalla]] || [[ATF]] || [[M2+]] ||  || 7 || 2GJ || 6 || 500,000 || 18,000 || 30.00 || 12,500 || XL || 60 || 0
|-
|[[Thor]] || [[ATF]] || [[M3]] ||  || 5 || 25MJ || 1 || 9,000 || 1,050 || 234.00 || 190 || L ||  || 0
|-
|[[Fenrir]] || [[ATF]] || [[M3+]] ||  || 6 || 25MJ || 2 || 9,000 || 1,100 || 202.00 || 500 || L ||  || 0
|-
|[[Mjolnir]] || [[ATF]] || [[M4]] ||  || 5 || 5MJ ||  || 2,750 || 350 || 275.00 || 300 || M ||  || 0
|-
|[[Valkyrie]] || [[ATF]] || [[M5]] ||  || 5 || 1MJ ||  || 1,600 || 140 || 540.70 || 140 || M ||  || 0
|-
|[[Vali]] || [[ATF]] || [[M6+]] ||  || 6 || 200MJ || 3 || 19,500 || 4,000 || 110.00 || 850 || L ||  || 0
|-
|[[Vidar]] || [[ATF]] || [[M6]] ||  || 5 || 200MJ || 2 || 19,000 || 3,800 || 128.00 || 950 || L ||  || 0
|-
|[[Aegir]] || [[ATF]] || [[M7]] ||  || 5 || 1GJ || 5 || 71,900 || 12,500 || 132.00 || 9,500 || XL ||  || 0
|-
|[[Skirnir]] || [[ATF]] || [[M7]] ||  || 4 || 2GJ || 3 || 71,900 || 12,500 || 91.00 || 9,500 || XL ||  || 0
|}

===Stations===
In X3 and X3:TC, the ATF does not reveal any of their stations.

In X3:AP:
*Althes Orbital defense station
*Segaris Orbital defense station

==Territories==
{{sectstub}}
===Core Worlds===
#[[Earth]]
===Border Worlds===
#

==Food==
[[MRE]]

[[Category:Terran]]
[[Category:Factions]]
{{Races}}
{{ATF Navbox}}