{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Auster Hauler
|Faction=OTAS
|Class={{M8class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Federation Guardian| 5,699,751}}
|Minspeed=52
|Maxspeed=104.9
|Minaccel=4
|Maxaccel=9
|Minsteer=2.0
|Maxsteer=3.9
|Hull=60000
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=600
|Shieldreactor= 2500
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=750
|Maxcargo=1250
|Lasercap=10500
|Laserrecharge=262
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=2}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
In theory the best bomber in the game. In practice, it is nonexistent in Vanilla but available for purchase in Albion Prelude. Uses a model similar to the [[Gladiator]] and has stats like the basic [[Argon]] [[Centaur]], its only difference is the missile weaponry in place of a main array of guns. With the single largest cargo bay in the [[M8]] class, the Auster Hauler therefore can carry more missiles than any other bomber, with the possible exception of the [[Claymore]], which uses [[Phantom Missile]]s of volume 1 (no longer true as of Albion Prelude - Phantom missiles have volume 6 there) as opposed to the 2 units of the [[Tomahawk Heavy Missile]]. The Auster boasts considerably larger shields than all other bombers, giving it some more survivability against fighter attack, usually the bane of the M8.

==Background==
This OTAS-developed bomber provides owners with a pin-point strike capability against both capital ships and installations.
==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
Like other bombers, it is best used from afar to fire salvos of Tomahawks and not to engage in direct combat. It excels at cost-efficiency in the anti-capital role even more so than other bombers, as it allows for multiple times the shielding and firepower of other bombers with only a marginally higher base cost. It has about 50-75% better capacity than other M8s and the ability to carry XL sized cargo, giving it extra logistical versatility. Its major drawback compared to other M8s is its low top speed, which is low enough to allow it to be outrun by most [[M7]]s.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;" 
|
*[[Tomahawk Heavy Missile]]

|}

== Availability ==
The Auster Hauler is available for purchase only in Albion Prelude.
{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|- style="background-color:lightblue;"
! Variant !! [[Legend's Home]]
|-
! Auster Hauler || x ||
|}
== Suggested Roles==
Long range anti-capital or anti-station bombing.
== See Also==
{{M8}}