{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Banshee Missile|Yield= 74000 |Speed= 153 |Range=14.814 |Cooldown=1000|Seeker=Targetted|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=0}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Banshee Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=1|minprice=11994|aveprice=13476|maxprice=14958}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Banshee Missile [AP]|Yield= 74000 |Speed= 185 |Range=16.0 |Cooldown=1000|Seeker=Targetted|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=0}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Banshee Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=2|minprice=11994|aveprice=13476|maxprice=14958}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The '''Banshee''' is a powerful but slow [[Missiles#Overview|image recognition]] tracking munition. It is commonly employed by [[M3]]s and [[M6]]s. Banshees have an awkward performance profile, being too light to be a very effective anti frigate or capital weapon but far too slow and vulnerable to being shot down to be used against most fighters. Additionally, its range is awfully short, being only 2 km higher than the [[Poltergeist Missile]], and therefore limiting it as a close-quarters weapon (typically around less than 5 km for effective usage). It is best applied against slower-moving M3s and M6s.

No NPC factories exist in the game that manufacture the Banshee, nor may the player build factories of their own. They are only found when dropped by destroyed ships. Corporations occasionally ask for this missile for delivery missions, so it is common for players to collect dropped Banshee Missiles for this purpose.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Banshee offers pilots the chance to show their enemies the true meaning of fear. While not the fastest missile available, its yield and strong acquisition ability allow it to be used in a wide range of combat scenarios against medium to heavy fighters.

==Commentary==
A powerful military-grade medium range image-recognition missile, it can be used in either the anti-fighter or anti-corvette role. Just don't try using it on smaller craft as they can confound the speed of the missile. Its function is comparable to the [[Thunderbolt Missile]], but it requires less cargo space.
[[Category:Commonwealth missiles]]
[[Category:Small missiles]]
[[Category:Not Purchasable]]
{{Missile Navbox}}