{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Blastclaw
|Faction=Pirate
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=52.0
|Maxspeed=145.6
|Minaccel=12
|Maxaccel=34
|Minsteer=21.8
|Maxsteer=54.6
|Hull=9000 / 18000 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=75
|Shieldreactor= 715
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=120
|Maxcargo=230
|Lasercap=6800
|Laserrecharge=136
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=4
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Blastclaw Prototype
|Faction=Pirate
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=57.0
|Maxspeed=159.6
|Minaccel=13
|Maxaccel=36
|Minsteer=21.8
|Maxsteer=54.6
|Hull=9000 / 18000 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=100
|Shieldreactor= 715
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=250
|Maxcargo=650
|Lasercap=6800
|Laserrecharge=136
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=4
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
This ship is ubiquitous escorting Pirate freighters and operating as the core of a hunting pack. They will quite frequently chase down your freighters and sometimes they'll even start picking on stations. Since they usually come bundled with [[Plasma Burst Generator]]s, this ship usually poses a very dangerous threat even when alone and outclassed, and should be engaged with extreme caution.

The Blastclaw should really be classed as an M3+.  Its cost and overall performance put it in this bracket even if it's "officially" designated an M3. The major drawback is that it has less gun mounts on the front compared to other M3s, although it hardly matters since it has compatibility with certain powerful guns such as the aforementioned [[Plasma Burst Generator]] and the [[Mass Driver]].

==Background==

The product of rare collaboration between two pirate clans, the Blastclaw is a distinctive and destructive ship that should be kept at a safe distance.

One of the new breed of purpose-built pirate vessels aimed at countering the increasing threat from [[Commonwealth]] military patrols, the Blastclaw offers pirate crews some much-needed heavy fighter support when engaging enemy forces.  Like its big brother the [[Carrack]], the Blastclaw trades forward firepower for improved turret coverage.

==Variants==
===Blastclaw===
It is unusually powerful for a Pirate craft, actually having balanced overall performance, on par or better than an average M3.
===Blastclaw Prototype===
A marked improvement over the original, the main attraction of the Blastclaw Prototype is its 650 unit cargobay, allowing it to be used as a combat-capable tanker for larger craft or as a missile gunship. This makes it the fighter with the second largest cargo bay in the game after the Enhanced version of the [[Kea|Teladi Kea]], which beats it only by 100 more bays. It can mount an additional 25MJ shield and can move more quickly. Combining these features with its wide payload options makes it one of the best [[M3]] ships available.

==Physical Characteristics==

The Blastclaw, like most Pirate-designed ships, looks like it was put together from spare parts and has the ubiquitous red-and-yellow paint scheme.  It is a rather stocky ship, presenting more of a top profile than most fighters but average from other angles.  Turret coverage is likewise fairly standard for the [[M3+]] class, with front and rear turrets each covering 180 degrees.

== Combat ==
When equipped with [[Plasma Burst Generator|PBGs]], the Blastclaw can wreak extraordinary havoc on any target, including [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ship]]s. With a more standard weapons array, it is still nevertheless a respectable dogfighter.  With 2x2 turrets it can even function as a light corvette, circling its target while the turrets throw [[Phased Repeater Gun|PRG]] at it or any enemy fighters that get in the way.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+'''Missiles'''
|-valign="top"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
Available as one of many [[Ownerless ships]]

== Suggested Roles==

While the Blastclaw is a deadly fighter in any capacity the high cost and relative rarity make it best used as a player ship or personal wingman. The Prototype variant is an excellent mission ship as it has enough firepower to rapidly dispatch anything smaller than an [[M7]] and its cavernous cargo bay allows one to carry copious amounts of energy cells for roaming the galaxy while still having space left over for taxi missions.

== See Also==

{{M3}}

{{Pirates Navbox}}