{{Infobox Sector
|Race=Pirate
|SecLevel=Border
|Population=98,944,839
|Planets=3
|SunLevel=150
|GateDist=50
|Gates=<table style="background-color:whiteSmoke;text-align:right;">
<tr style="text-align:center;"><th>Gate</th><th>x</th><th>y</th><th>z</th><th>Destination</th></tr>
{{Gateblock2|North|0|	8125|	25200|[[Olmancketslat's Treaty]]}}
{{Gateblock2|South|11250|	-6250|	-25200|[[Danna's Chance]]}}
{{Gateblock2|West|-25200|	0|	0|[[Split Fire]]}}
</table>
}}
==Description==
===Encyclopedia Entry===
The last Xenon conflict with the sentient races brought forth many heroes. This system is named after one of the foremost of those who risked all to repel the [[Xenon]] threat. Although the name still has deep echoes of honor, courage and wisdom, the system is corrupt and dangerous. The Argon are particular concerned that the use of this system as a base for the slave trade is an insult to one of their most honored names.
===History===
Brennan's Triumph is a very new name for this sector. Once known as Alpha Centauri, it hold the accolade of being the closest sector astrographically to [[Earth]] and the first alien star system to be visited by Humans.

Following the [[Terraformer War]], this Sector became a Terraformer stronghold, with the destroyed Gate that once led back to Earth at its centre. During the [[Second Xenon Conflict]] seven centuries later, an [[Argon]] hero named [[Kyle Brennan]] spearheaded an assault into the heart of [[Xenon]] space, driving them out of the northwestern X-Universe. This Sector, liberated from Xenon control, quickly fell into use by slave traders and criminals, an unfitting fate for a Sector newly named after the man whose exploits there changed the X-Universe forever.
==Default [[Stations]]==
==[[Asteroids]]==

{{Asteroid/Begin}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Ore|34|3273|-732|5712}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Ore|20|-2314|4044|-2635}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Ore|15|8088|3731|-3074}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Ore|15|1828|1652|-7714}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Ore|6|7741|4170|2626}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Ore|6|3334|3616|-1552}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|26|-7396|-3580|-6678}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|26|-12393|1585|-9812}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|13|-1073|4712|6854}}
{{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|13|-10273|-1092|703}}
{{Asteroid/End}}

{{Pirates Navbox}}