<!-- source file: index__qcf1cd37c1f56.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Caiman |Faction= Split |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 216360 }} |Minspeed= 69.4 |Maxspeed= 124.4 |Minaccel= 4 |Maxaccel= 7 |Minsteer= 3.3 |Maxsteer= 5.9 |Hull= 16,000 |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 2 |Maxshieldstrength= 50 |Shieldreactor= 500 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 2500 |Maxcargo= 3500 |Lasercap= 2100 |Laserrecharge= 21 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Caiman Hauler |Faction= Split |Class= {{TSclass}} |Priceblock= {{Priceblock|| 873658}} |Minspeed= 55.5 |Maxspeed= 99.9 |Minaccel= 3 |Maxaccel= 6 |Minsteer= 2.3 |Maxsteer= 4.1 |Hull= 15200 |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 3 |Maxshieldstrength= 75 |Shieldreactor= 500 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 5000 |Maxcargo= 7000 |Lasercap= 2100 |Laserrecharge= 21 |Gunbay= &lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Main |Guncount= 4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Rear |Guncount= 1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Caiman Miner |Faction= Split |Class= {{TSclass}} |Priceblock= {{Priceblock|| 1818871 }} |Minspeed= 50 |Maxspeed= 90 |Minaccel= 3 |Maxaccel= 6 |Minsteer= 3.9 |Maxsteer= 6.9 |Hull= 15200 |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 3 |Maxshieldstrength= 75 |Shieldreactor= 500 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 4500 |Maxcargo= 7000 |Lasercap= 2200 |Laserrecharge= 22 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }}&lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Caiman Super Freighter |Faction= Split |Class= {{TSclass}} |Priceblock= {{Priceblock|| 959358}} |Minspeed= 53.4 |Maxspeed= 96.2 |Minaccel= 3 |Maxaccel= 6 |Minsteer= 2.0 |Maxsteer= 3.6 |Hull= 15200 |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 4 |Maxshieldstrength= 100 |Shieldreactor= 550 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 4625 |Maxcargo= 6475 |Lasercap= 2100 |Laserrecharge= 21 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Main |Guncount= 4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Rear |Guncount= 1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }}&lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Caiman Super Freighter XL |Faction= Split |Class= {{TSclass}} |Priceblock= {{Priceblock|| 2665721}} |Minspeed= 49.9 |Maxspeed= 89.9 |Minaccel= 4 |Maxaccel= 7 |Minsteer= 1.5 |Maxsteer= 2.8 |Hull= 13600 |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 4 |Maxshieldstrength= 100 |Shieldreactor= 550 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 7375 |Maxcargo= 10325 |Lasercap= 2100 |Laserrecharge= 21 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Main |Guncount= 4 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Rear |Guncount= 1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }}&lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Caiman Tanker |Faction= Split |Class= {{TSclass}} |Priceblock= {{Priceblock|| 392527}} |Minspeed= 69.4 |Maxspeed= 124.9 |Minaccel= 4 |Maxaccel= 7 |Minsteer= 3.3 |Maxsteer= 5.9 |Hull= 16000 |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 2 |Maxshieldstrength= 50 |Shieldreactor= 500 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 2500 |Maxcargo= 3500 |Lasercap= 2100 |Laserrecharge= 21 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Rear |Guncount= 1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Caiman Tanker XL |Faction=Split |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 959358}} |Minspeed= 45.1 |Maxspeed= 81.2 |Minaccel= 2 |Maxaccel= 5 |Minsteer= 1.8 |Maxsteer= 3.2 |Hull= 16000 |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 4 |Maxshieldstrength= 100 |Shieldreactor= 500 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 4750 |Maxcargo= 6650 |Lasercap= 2100 |Laserrecharge= 21 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Main |Guncount= 4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Rear |Guncount= 1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The [[Split]] '''Caiman''' is the smallest TS, but aside from the [[Mistral]] it is also the fastest. Since speed is widely regarded as being more important than cargo capacity, the Caiman is one of the most commonly used freighters. ==Background== The prototype replacement for the Mule, it was almost destroyed in the [[Dragon#Background|Dragon Incident]], but then managed to save 100 people who were nearly killed as the docking crew tried to escape. The Caiman Project went on in [[Cho's Defeat]] where it was eventually completed, and put into service taking supplies to rebuild the shipyard in [[Family Pride]]. The ship is armed with a single turret and is slightly faster than its predecessor. ==Physical Characteristics== The Caiman is easily recognizable, with an angular, rusty-red hull. ==Variants== ===Caiman=== {{regular}} The standard Caiman has one set of cargo boxes. ===Caiman Hauler=== {{hauler}} Caiman Haulers have two sets of cargo boxes. ===Caiman Miner=== {{miner}} Caiman Miners have two sets of cargo boxes. ===Caiman Super Freighter=== {{super freighter}} Caiman Super Freighters are identified by one set of cargo boxes and one set of tanks. ===Caiman Super Freighter XL=== {{super freighter xl}} Caiman Super Freighter XLs have two sets each of cargo boxes and tanks. ===Caiman Tanker=== {{tanker}} Caiman Tankers have one set of tanks. ===Caiman Tanker XL=== {{tanker xl}} Caiman Tanker XLs have two sets of tanks. == Combat == The Caiman has weaker shields than most TS class ships, so its ability to stand and fight is severely compromised. However, since all TS-class ships defend themselves best by running to the nearest combat vessel, the Caiman has something of an edge over its counterparts. == Equipment == ===Preinstalled=== All versions of the Caiman come with [[Trade Command Software#Trade_Command_Software_Mk1|Trade Command Software Mk1]] built in. ===Missiles=== *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] == Availability == At least one version of the Caiman is available at every [[Split Shipyard]]. {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |+ '''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Split}}" ! Variant !! [[Cho's Defeat]] !! [[Family Njy]] !! [[Family Pride]] !! [[Family Rhy]] !! [[Family Tkr]] !! [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] !! [[Rhonkar's Might]] !! [[Rhonkar's Trial]] !! [[Zyarth's Dominion]] |- ! Caiman || || || X || X || || X || X || X || X |- ! Caiman Hauler || || || || || || X || || X || X |- ! Caiman Miner || || || X || X || || X || X || X || X |- ! Caiman Super Freighter || || || || X || X || X || X || X || X |- ! Caiman Super Freighter XL || || X || || || || X || || X || X |- ! Caiman Tanker || || X || || || || X || || X || X |- ! Caiman Tanker XL || X || || || || || X || || X || X |} == Suggested Roles== Due to its speed, the Caiman excels at trading in high-competition environments. == See Also== {{TS}} {{Split Navbox}}