<!-- source file: index__qe4d864ef396f.html -->

{{Shipcategory}} ==Overview== Capital ships are huge beasts, several kilometers in length, bristling with guns, dominating combat, and are the epitome of destruction. Appropriate to the wild fireworks heralding their arrival in combat, capital ships cost a substantial investments of time and [[credits]]. Capital ships when encountered [[Out-of-Sector]] carry sufficient firepower to destroy almost '''all''' vessels in one turn. As a result un-monitored battles with capital ships will typically devolve to attrition of expendable decoys. Maintaining a patrol squadron in the face of hostile capital ships can be time-consuming and expensive. When encountered [[In-Sector]], a hostile capital ship can generate sufficient fire to make approach difficult. If their concentrated firepower is permitted to hit, lesser target vessels will invariably be destroyed or crippled. Fighting between capital ships is typically a slow exchange of fire which will steadily destroy the other ship. Capital Ships can only be [[capping|captured]] by [[boarding]] them with [[marines]]. {| style="text-align:right;" ! ! scope="col" style="text-align:center;" bgcolor="WhiteSmoke" | Ship Class ! scope="col" bgcolor="WhiteSmoke" | Typical length (m) |- ! scope="row" rowspan="4" bgcolor="WhiteSmoke"|Capital Ship classes | {{M1class}} || 1550 - 4500 |- | {{M2class}} || 1400 - 4700 |- | {{M7class}}&lt;bR>{{M7Mclass}} || 800 - 2800 |- | {{TLclass}} || 1550 - 3600 |- | colspan="3" | |} Ship size ranges are listed for typical specimen. Special objects or some for the player unattainable AI ships can be smaller. ==Docking== Capital Ships require their own class of docking clamps and hence the range of stations they can dock at is limited.&lt;bR> Freight exchange with other stations must be conducted through intermediaries. A list of docking stations and limits is available [[Docking#Capital Ship Docking Stations|Here]]. ==Jumpgates== When navigating through jumpgates, these ships will use the centre of the gate.