{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Centaur
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{M6class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 9842368}}
|Minspeed=61.5
|Maxspeed=123
|Minaccel=4
|Maxaccel=9
|Minsteer=2.0
|Maxsteer=3.9
|Hull= 60000 / 240000 (AP)
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=600
|Shieldreactor=2500
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=750
|Maxcargo=1250
|Lasercap=10500
|Laserrecharge=262 / 1050 (AP)
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Centaur
|Faction=Pirate
|Class={{M6class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=63
|Maxspeed=126
|Minaccel=6
|Maxaccel=12
|Minsteer=2.7
|Maxsteer=5.5
|Hull=45000 / 180000 (AP)
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=400
|Shieldreactor=2000
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=750
|Maxcargo=1190
|Lasercap=10500
|Laserrecharge=262 / 1050 (AP)
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Centaur is an all-around average corvette seen mainly patrolling Argon sectors and neighboring pirate sectors.  Centaurs flying pirate colors have also been seen attacking helpless stations on occassion.

==Background==
The Centaur is a relatively new development from Argon Shipwrights in Omicron Lyrae. The ship itself is larger than a fighter or transporter but is much smaller than a Destroyer. Armed with turrets capable of supporting heavy weaponry this ship continues to have bright future ahead of it.

==Variants==
===Centaur===
This version is the base model of the Centaur and is available from all Argon Shipyards.  The Centaur design is superceeded by the [[Heavy Centaur]].
===Pirate Centaur===
This is the Pirate variant of the Centaur.  It sacrifices shields, hull strength, and some cargo capacity for a slight increase in speed.
==Physical Characteristics==
Typical of Argon design, the Centaur is average in all its stats.  It does, however, have the best turret coverage of the Commonwealth races' M6 designs allowing it to perform much better in anti-fighter support than its contemporaries.

== Combat ==
A Centaur fitted with 8 x [[Plasma Burst Generator]], and 3 x [[High Energy Plasma Thrower]] to defend the ship against smaller vessels and missiles is arguably the most effective fitting. When equipped in this way the Centaur is capable of rapidly destroying Xenon Qs and other vessels that "outclass" it. Once the pilot gets used to the way PBGs work, and the weaknesses and blind spots on other vessels, it can easily shine against supposedly superior ships. The light shielding (comparative to larger capital vessels) still requires constant monitoring and evasive work when up against larger capitals, but the combined force of 8 x PBGs makes short work of any Q-sized or smaller vessels.

== Equipment ==

{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Hornet Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
|
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
The Centaur is available in all Argon Shipyards.  The Pirate variant, however, can only be acquired through boarding operations. 

'''It is also worth noting''' that with the release of Albion Prelude, you can acquire the Centaur relatively early, by completing just a few starting missions in the Albion plot (do-able in a decently-fitted M3, such a Mamba Raider, or even smaller ships with better piloting skills). 

{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|+ '''Availability'''
|- style="background-color:lightblue;"
! Variant !! [[Argon Prime]] !!  [[Cloudbase South East]] !! [[Omicron Lyrae]] !! [[Light of Heart]] !! [[Legend's Home]] !! [[Argon Sector M148]]
|-
! Centaur || x || x || x || x || x || x
|}

== Suggested Roles==
The Centaur is good as a centerpiece for small patrol groups due to its well rounded characteristics. Its large cargobay also lends itself to a role as a missile boat.

'''''Good as:'''''

'''OOS Patrol vessel''' (note, if the sector is not bordering on Xenon territory)

'''Anti-Fighter Vessel'''.

'''Scout Ship for Carrier Strike groups'''

'''''Poor as'''''

'''Capital Ship Combat Vessel''' (with exceptions - See Combat section above)

'''Lone vessel''' (with exceptions - See Combat section above)

== See Also==
* [[Heavy Centaur|Argon Heavy Centaur]]
{{M6}}
{{Argon Navbox}}