{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Chokaro
|Faction=Yaki
|Class={{TMclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock||458519}}
|Minspeed=77
|Maxspeed=154
|Minaccel=12
|Maxaccel=24
|Minsteer=1.3
|Maxsteer=2.7
|Hull=14700
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=400
|Shieldreactor= 925
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=1300
|Maxcargo=2500
|Lasercap=1006
|Laserrecharge=63
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Turret Front
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Turret Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay={{Dockbay|3 {{Fighterdock}}}}
}}
{{Infobox ship
|Variant=Advanced Chokaro
|Faction=Yaki
|Class={{TMclass}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=77
|Maxspeed=154
|Minaccel=12
|Maxaccel=24
|Minsteer=1.3
|Maxsteer=2.7
|Hull=14700
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=400
|Shieldreactor= 925
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=1300
|Maxcargo=1800
|Lasercap=1100
|Laserrecharge=63
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Turret Front
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Turret Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay={{Dockbay|6 {{Fighterdock}}}}
}}
</table>
==Overview==
The standard Chokaro only docks three fighters compared to the usual four, but the extra internal space given over to engines and cargo makes it an excellent choice for an armoured freighter or [[traders|trader]].  It is faster than all other TMs save the [[Split]] [[Boa]], with which it is tied for speed.

==Background==
Leading the development of [[TM]]-class vessels among non-aligned races, the Yaki use this ship mainly to support their raiding activites and also to protect against counter-attacks.

==Variants==
===Chokaro===
The standard by which the Advanced Chokaro is measured.
===Advanced Chokaro===
The Advanced Chokaro has a reduced cargo hold, but carries a total of six fighters, more than any other TM.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Chokaro is a purpose-designed [[Yaki]] ship, and holds some similarity to other Yaki vessels.  It resembles a [[Paranid]] [[Helios]], but the bow is hog-nosed rather than flat-fronted.

== Combat ==
The basic Chokaro by itself is average in a fight, and can do anything the [[Helios|Paranid Helios]] can do, however the fact that it has only three support craft make it potentially the least potent TM.

== Equipment ==

== Availability ==
The standard Chokaro can be bought at the [[Yaki Shipyard]] in [[Senator's Badlands]] on the condition that the player's reputation with the Yaki is high enough.  

The advanced Chokaro cannot be bought and must be obtained during the [[Shady Business]] missions. When given the option to choose sides, side with Beryll arm of the Yaki Syndicate. Then, at the plot end, if you destroy or board the Goner Ozias the Yaki will give you one advanced Chokaro and its [[Blueprint|blueprints]]. (As an additional bonus not need to destroy 25 Xenon capital ships in  each sector [[Black Hole Sun]] and [[Terran Unknown Sector 1|Segaris]], see the "shady business plot guide"  at roguey's X3AP site [{{linky}}www.roguey.co.uk/x3ap/help/guides/shady-business/page1.php www.roguey.co.uk/x3ap/help/guides/shady-business/page1.php] for more info.)

== Suggested Roles==
Being considerably larger than any other TM and quick for any freighter, the Chokaro excels as an armoured freighter and [[traders|trader]].

== See Also==
{{TM}}

{{Yaki Navbox}}