{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Claymore
|Faction=Terran
|Class={{M8class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Servant of Terra| 5279520}}
|Minspeed=69
|Maxspeed=138
|Minaccel=12
|Maxaccel=24
|Minsteer=12.4
|Maxsteer=24.8
|Hull=85,000
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=7
|Maxshieldstrength=175
|Shieldreactor= 1560
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=750
|Maxcargo=850
|Lasercap=1500
|Laserrecharge=50
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=2}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Top
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The [[Terran]] '''Claymore''' is larger and more powerful than any [[Commonwealth]] [[M8|bomber]], but its use is handicapped by the fact that it can only utilize the very rare [[Phantom Missile]]. If a decent stockpile of them can be gathered, however, the Claymore is probably the best bomber in the game, as it does not suffer the ordinance/jump energy dilemma plaguing commonwealth bombers, since it has a very spacious cargo bay and smaller missiles with relation to volume.  Their yield is actually considerably higher than that of the [[Tomahawk Heavy Missile]].

==Background==
The Claymore [[M8|bomber]] provides the [[Terran|United Space Command]] with an easily deployable and flexible strike capability.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Claymore resembles two [[Baldric]]s mated by their ventral surfaces, a big box with a wedge-shaped bow.  It is white with red trim.

== Combat ==
As with any [[M8|bomber]], the Claymore is devastating to anything [[M6]] and up while it carries ammunition. It has very poor fighter defense so it should be kept well away from enemy [[M3]] and [[M4]] class ships.

== Equipment ==
The Claymore is unique in its use of the potent [[Phantom Missile]].

== Availability ==
{|
|+'''Availability'''
|-style="{{Colour/Terran}}"
! Variant || [[The Moon]] || [[Mars]] || [[Saturn]]
|-
!Claymore || x || x || x ||
|}

A Claymore is also a reward for completing the [[Terran plot]].

{|
|+'''In Albion Prelude'''
|-style="{{Colour/Terran}}"
! Variant || [[Saturn]] || [[Mars]] || [[Megnir]] || [[The Moon]]
|-
!Claymore || x || x || x || x ||
|}

== Suggested Roles==
The Claymore utilizes its Phantom missiles at relatively long range to destroy [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ships]] and [[stations]]. It must not go toe-to-toe against any fighter as the Claymore lacks adequate defenses against them. It requires a fighter wing to escort it when performing bombing runs.

== See Also==
{{M8}}

{{Terran Navbox}}