{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Cobra
|Faction=Split
|Class={{M7Mclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 50774081}}
|Minspeed=57.6
|Maxspeed=97.9
|Minaccel=9
|Maxaccel=16
|Minsteer=0.5
|Maxsteer=0.8
|Hull=280,000 / 1120000 (AP)
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=3000
|Shieldreactor= 14400
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=3450
|Maxcargo=7000
|Lasercap=50500
|Laserrecharge=1262
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=8}}
{{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=8}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
One of the most popular [[M7M]] craft, the Cobra is fast, powerful and sleek, a perfect strike craft for supporting or initiating attacks with its devastating missile barrages. With a smaller cargo bay than its fellow missile frigates, the Cobra's endurance is compromised, but mobility and versatility tend to be favoured over staying ability in this class of ship. With 3GJ of shielding it is unable to withstand determined anti capital fire and cannot ignore fighters for a prolonged time, but with retargeting swarms of the frighteningly effective [[Flail Barrage Missile]], its fighter problems tend to evaporate.

==Background==
The Cobra missile frigate is an awe-inspiring and potent warship, giving an outstanding heavy strike capability to any fleet.

==Physical Characteristics==
Very small, very sleek. The Cobra appears to be armoured with [[Dragon]] hulls, and is an intimidating craft with the [[Split]]'s trademark dusty red-coloured plating, though of a lighter default shade than other Split ships.

== Combat ==
Not to be used in close combat, the Cobra is of great effect when handled correctly - as with all of its class, a well-stocked Cobra can devastate an entire sector without ever being touched due to its range. It is vulnerable to large fighter swarms and missile counterattacks, and its missile stocks should always be watched - no missiles make it largely defenceless. Being the fastest of its class able to use [[Flail Barrage Missile]]s, it is also able to outrun many of its capital targets, which not only increases its survivability, but also its general usefulness for boarding operations.

The addition of a twin turret in the rear means that it does retain some native ability to swat fighters and incoming missiles.

== Equipment ==
'''Missiles'''
*[[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]]
*[[Flail Barrage Missile]]
*[[Boarding pods]]

'''Built-In Equipment'''
*Fight Command Software Mk1
*Fight Command Software Mk2

== Availability ==

*[[Zyarth's Dominion]]
*[[Rhonkar's Trial]]
*[[Patriarch's Conclusion]]

== Suggested Roles==
*Fire Support
*Boarding Ship

== See Also==
*[[Panther|Split Panther]]
*[[Tiger|Split Tiger]]
{{M7M}}


{{Split Navbox}}