<!-- source file: index__qf6da43362ece.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Colossus |Faction=Argon |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Federation Overwatch| 67823098}} |Minspeed=49.4 |Maxspeed=79.1 |Minaccel=3.92 |Maxaccel=6.27 |Minsteer=0.41 |Maxsteer=0.66 |Hull=400000 / 4000000 (AP) |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=6000 |Shieldreactor= 8200 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=8800 |Maxcargo=8800 |Lasercap= 53200 |Laserrecharge=797 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Bottom |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|60 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Colossus Hauler |Faction=Argon |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=49 |Maxspeed=79.1 |Minaccel=3 |Maxaccel=6 |Minsteer=0.4 |Maxsteer=0.7 |Hull=200000 / 2000000 (AP) |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=6 |Maxshieldstrength=6000 |Shieldreactor= 4100 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=8800 |Maxcargo=8800 |Lasercap= 53200 |Laserrecharge=797 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Bottom |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|60 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The [[Argon]] [[Colossus]] is an excellent carrier-class ship. With moderate armament for a Commonwealth ship, moderate speed, and moderate shielding, its 60 docking bays make it the second largest carrier after the [[Raptor]]. The [[Colossus|Argon One]], flagship of the Argon fleet, is of this class and can be found patrolling Argon Prime. The Yaki [[Shuri]] is also a Colossus-class ship. ==Background== The Colossus is the main carrier of the Argon military. As new technologies have been developed in recent years, the design has undergone several major overhauls. With a large hangar capacity for fighters, strong shielding and numerous turret batteries, the Colossus is one of the most powerful vessels in the Argon fleet. Argon One, the flagship of the Argon fleet, maintains a dominant presence in Argon Prime. ==Variants== ===Colossus=== The standard version of the ship. ===Colossus Hauler=== This appears in game files, but does not spawn in Terran Conflict. It spawns in Albion Prelude, but only in War sectors, much like the [[Valhalla|ATF Valhalla]]. It utilizes [[Shields#1_GJ|1 GJ Shields]] instead of the usual [[Shields#2_GJ|2 GJ Shields]], but the maximum shield strength still adds up to 6 GJ. It also features a weaker hull. It is otherwise identical to the standard ship. ==Physical Characteristics== The Colossus is mid-sized, and of the rounded-edge cuboidal construction typical of Argon capital ships. == Combat == Whilst capable of brushing off fighter attacks, the Colossus, like other carriers, is not capable of taking a fight to another capital ship. An M1 should never be fielded without escort, and survivability of the Colossus increases dramatically if there are [[M6]]s or [[M7]]s defending it whilst it launches its fighters. == Equipment == {| |+'''Missiles''' |- | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] | *[[Hornet Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] | *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] | *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] | *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] | *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == The Colossus Hauler is not available for sale. The Colossus is available at all Argon shipyards: *[[Argon Prime]] *[[Cloudbase South East]] *[[Light of Heart]] *[[Legend's Home]] *[[Omicron Lyrae]] *[[Argon Sector M148]]. == Suggested Roles== The Colossus is a great fleet carrier; it hangars a large wing of fighters and has good all round characteristics. Excels at: *OOS Patrol Vessel (Note: One could say that it is overkill, but if fielded it will take a long time to take down) *Carrier *Strike Group Flagship *Refuelling station *Sector Denial Poor as: *Capital Ship Combat Vessel *Rapid Response force *Hit and Run tactics == See Also== {{M1}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Argon Navbox}}