<!-- source file: index__q6ca4fb9767a2.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Condor |Faction=Teladi |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Venture Profiteer| 67952727 }} |Minspeed= 46.1 |Maxspeed= 64.50 |Minaccel= 3 |Maxaccel= 4 |Minsteer= 0.3 |Maxsteer= 0.5 |Hull=480000 / 4800000 (AP) |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=8000 |Shieldreactor= 7600 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=12000 |Maxcargo=12000 |Lasercap= 53200 |Laserrecharge=797 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=1|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=1|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|35 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Condor is a slow but powerful and well-fortified vessel. An admirable battleship, the Condor seems to be unable to decide whether it's a carrier or [[M2|destroyer]]: With shielding and speed similar to standard Commonwealth destroyers, it is a perfect example of Teladi design philosophy. The only problems are that it has much lower fighter carrying capacity than other [[M1]]s (35, which is merely 3 more than the [[Panther]]) and it is the slowest of its class. ==Background== The Condor is the carrier ship of the Teladi Company Space Fleet. It is a powerful battleship based on technology supplied by the Split combined with that of the older Argon Prime VI. Rarely seen outside Teladi sectors, the ship is slow but heavily armed and shielded compared to the carriers of other races, its Captains preferring to last longer than others in a battle while still avoiding to get into trouble in the first place. ==Physical Characteristics== Like all Teladi battleships, it looks as if it has been thrown together from spare parts. Its appearance is not unlike that of the [[Phoenix]] though with a far shorter fuselage. == Combat == As stated above, the Condor has limited capability as a destroyer, along with brilliant weapon compatibility. It can act as a selfish fighter killer with [[PSG]]s or [[FAA]]s or in conjunction with its large wing of fighters. The energy issues plaguing the [[M1]] class affect the Condor little, as its mainstay capital weapon is the ammo-based [[Gauss Cannon]]. Thanks to its humongous cargo bay, the Condor alone can act as a multi-role strike ship whether as a half-carrier, half-destroyer, or an oversized missile ship. == Equipment == With a truly impressive array of weaponry potentially at its disposal, the Condor truly is spoiled for choice. A [[PSG]] compatibility means it can act alone quite effectively against fighters, while [[Gauss Cannon]]s are good when the Condor has fighters to chase down enemy fighters. The Condor's 8GJ total shielding means it can stand toe to toe with certain destroyers and overpower many other Commonwealth carriers. == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" |- style="{{Colour/Teladi}}" ! width="120px" | Variant !! [[Ceo's Sprite]] !! [[Grand Exchange]] !! [[Ianamus Zura]] !! [[Ministry of Finance]] !! [[PTNI Headquarters]] !! [[Seizewell]] |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Condor || x || x || x || x || x || x |} Also appears in large Teladi task groups and sector defence patrols and is boardable. == Suggested Roles== The Condor's slow speed and turning rate means it must rely on its fighters and/or other capital ships to escort it during [[OOS]] work. Nonetheless, its impressive combat capabilities make it an admirable super-heavy assault ship for both IS and OOS combat. Please note that with its limited fighter bay and poor energy recharge to power its FAA or PSGs, typically it will have problems combatting enemy fighters. == See Also== {{M1}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Teladi Navbox}}