<!-- source file: index__q6fdfb9f8045b.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox missile|Missile=Cyclone Missile|Yield=23000|Speed=148|Range=59.9|Cooldown=1500|Seeker=Targetted|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}} {{Infobox ware|ware=Cyclone Missile|cargoclass=M|volume=3|minprice=18195|aveprice= 20216 |maxprice=22237}} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Cyclone is a [[Boron]]-developed medium/light missile capable of demolishing smaller [[:category:fighters|fighters]]. However, it is too slow to easily catch many of them. It has [[Missiles#Overview|tracking ability]] and multiple warheads. ===Encyclopedia Entry=== Similar to the Blizzard, the Cyclone Missile offers the same ability to deal with multiple targets with one armament. Again not as powerful as a one-shot unit, the missile will split into several smaller units that will engage image recognition tracking to lock down confirmed enemies in the field of engagement. ==Commentary== The Cyclone is not a well-loved munition due to the comparatively large cargo space it occupies. The fact that it is the second slowest missile after the [[Remote Guided Warhead]] means it must be used at close ranges to be effective in combat, despite having more than enough fuel to travel at long ranges. It is well suited to hitting heavier [[M3]]-class fighters but lacks the power to destroy them outright. Should it fail to strike a target, it will split into a cluster of smaller warheads, each of which will hunt down an enemy. [[Category:Proximity-fuse missiles]] {{Missile Navbox}}