{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=#deca.cefa
|Faction=Terran
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Servant of Terra| 1034066}}
|Minspeed=53
|Maxspeed=214.6
|Minaccel=12
|Maxaccel=51
|Minsteer=29.7
|Maxsteer=68.3
|Hull=12000
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=50
|Shieldreactor= 780
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=74
|Maxcargo=234
|Lasercap=3000
|Laserrecharge=75
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=1|pmaml=1|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
An extremely dangerous [[Terraformer]] [[M3]] fighter, the '''#deca.cefa''' is very cheap, though not so for its weaponry.  It is lightly shielded but quite fast and lethal due to its ability to mount a non-energy-draining [[M6|corvette]]-class weapon, the [[Prototype Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher]].  A full set of these makes the #deca.cefa a very expensive asset to lose, but one of the most dangerous fighters in the game and fully capable of destroying most corvettes. It can only be purchased in [[Aldrin]] and its weapons can be very hard to stockpile without the use of an [[Cloning|exploit]].

==Background==
Originally terraforming drones deployed from the [[Deca|#deca]] CPU ship, these ships appear to have been modified along with #deca to perform a defensive role.

==Physical Characteristics==
The #deca.cefa is a blue-gray, blocky ship with two large cannons, and engines mounted on spindly stalks.

== Combat ==
The #deca.cefa's weapons array is capable of dealing serious injuries to corvette-class ships.  However, it is not the most heavily shielded fighter and the corvette poses almost as much risk to the #deca.cefa.  It should be used to perform a surgical strike against a medium-sized target, with plenty of distractions keeping the #deca.cefa clear of the enemy's target locks.

== Equipment ==
The #deca.cefa can mount up to eight of either [[EEMPC]]s or PMAMLs in its fixed mounts.  Its turret can carry a pair of [[EMPC]]s.  Finally, it can use [[Poltergeist Missile|Poltergeist missiles]].

== Availability ==
The #deca.cefa is available at either of the two [[Aldrin Ship Production Base]]s in Aldrin orbit.

== Suggested Roles==
The #deca.cefa is an unexceptional M3 unless used in a certain role: due to its PMAML compatibility it can be used in a small wing to effectively destroy [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ships]] and corvettes.

== See Also==
*[[Spitfyre|Aldrin Spitfyre]]
{{M3}}

{{Aldrin Navbox}}