<!-- source file: index__qf3b0e49fb22a.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Deimos |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M7class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Friend of Emperor|38237259}} |Minspeed=63.5 |Maxspeed=107.9 |Minaccel=5 |Maxaccel=8 |Minsteer=1.8 |Maxsteer=3 |Hull=150000 [600000 AP] |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=6 |Maxshieldstrength=6000 |Shieldreactor= 6100 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=2000 |Maxcargo=3600 |Lasercap=62000 |Laserrecharge=1550 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Bottom |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=1|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= {{Dockbay|6 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== A versatile [[Paranid]] frigate, the Deimos is capable of escorting battleships or fighting alone. Its speed is average to low in its class, and its maneuverability and cargo space are also middling. It does, however, have a small hangar bay, which further expands its areas of usefulness. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The Deimos strikes a good balance of armament, speed and shielding. This frigate is a good all-rounder, but is particularly effective when escorting task groups. ==Physical Characteristics== A fairly large frigate, the Deimos has an oval, flat hull with winglike structures to the rear. It has a flattened nose section and an antennae array to the rear. == Combat == The Deimos is a good all-round frigate; tough and rugged, it can be expected to outfight anything it can't outrun. The ability to carry a small wing of fighters to assist it in combat makes it a popular ship. It is compatible with the [[Flak Artillery Array]] for work in fleets and the [[Phased Shockwave Generator]] for work alone; it is recommended that the latter weapon is not used during fleet action. Its ability to destroy other capital ships is hampered by the fact that it is limited to a total of four capital weapons: two [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher]]s on each of its side turrets. This leads to them generally being omitted entirely in favour of more flak or PSG power. The Deimos' laser generator is top-end and it shares the highest shield value of any of its class with its sister ship the [[Agamemnon]]. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" |- style="{{Colour/Paranid}}" ! Variant !! [[Cardinal's Domain]] !! [[Duke's Citadel]] !! [[Heaven's Assertion]] !! [[Paranid Prime]] !! [[Third Redemption]] !! [[Trinity Sanctum]] |- ! Deimos || x || x || - || x || - || x |} In Terran Conflict, the Deimos is not available in Super Shipyard located in [[Heaven's Assertion]] and [[Third Redemption]]. == Suggested Roles== *&lt;u>Fleet supply/support&lt;/u>: it can carry some ships for supply/combat purposes and is particularly good at protecting other capital ships by beating down swarms of fighters. Its good protection is an especially nice bonus, so it can be used more aggressively in fleet actions than many of its peers. *&lt;u>Sector Patrol&lt;/u>: A single Deimos with a wing of accompanying fighters stored in its hold can easily protect a sector from any non-capital threat, using the wing to quickly intercept light threats and its own sheer firepower to deal with anything else. If properly loaded up with a supply of missiles and the right weapons, a Deimos on autopilot can deal with a [[Q|Xenon Q]] in one-on-one combat. *&lt;u>Player Ship&lt;/u>: The Deimos cannot dock with most space stations, but it is a good choice as a player's first capital ship if they wish to pilot it themselves, as it can carry fighters for supply purposes in its cargobay, is not significantly slower than some [[M6]] craft, and the option to mount [[Phased Shockwave Generator]]s can make it very deadly. Again, it also offers excellent protection for its class, a very desirable feature for any playership. == See Also== *[[Agamemnon|Paranid Agamemnon]] *[[Ares|Paranid Ares]] *[[Ariadne|Paranid Ariadne]] {{M7}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Paranid Navbox}}