<!-- source file: index__qba666105c81b.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Dragon |Faction=Split |Class={{M6class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Distinguished Associate| 7689771}} |Minspeed=90.6 |Maxspeed=172.1 |Minaccel=10 |Maxaccel=19 |Minsteer=2 |Maxsteer=3.8 |Hull=48000 / 192000 (AP) |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=400 |Shieldreactor= 2150 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=530 |Maxcargo=930 |Lasercap=15700 |Laserrecharge=392 / 1570 (AP) |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== Cheap, quick and powerful, the Dragon is an interesting ship. For experienced pilots, its speed makes it one of the best corvette choices around, but for inexperienced combat pilots, it will quickly explode under sustained fire and is liable to plough into anything in front of it. It is small and sleek, with a larger than average laser generator but poor turret coverage. A sound choice for bounty hunter and daredevil alike, but new pilots should avoid it. ==Background== The Dragon is the Split's main corvette, which suffered early development problems. An inadequately designed reactor casing breached causing the destruction of the prototype and the original Family Pride shipyard. The shipyard's crew and workers were saved by the prototype [[Caiman]] that was undergoing tests at the facility. The original, in the days of sub-classed weapons systems, was capable of using the lowest class of the [[PPC]] weapon series making it more of a 'laser bomber' than a real combat ship. However, removal of weapon subclasses and the new designs of corvette grade weapons has replaced the old PPC compatibility with newer weapons like the [[Ion Shard Railgun]].&lt;br> ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == The Dragon performs best executing strafing runs, bombarding the target with heavy weapons fire before moving away, turning and beginning again. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" |- style="{{Colour/Split}}" ! width="120px" | Variant !! [[Cho's Defeat]] !! [[Family Njy]] !! [[Family Pride]] !! [[Family Rhy]] !! [[Family Tkr]] !! [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] !! [[Rhonkar's Might]] !! [[Rhonkar's Trial]] !! [[Zyarth's Dominion]] |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Dragon || x || x || x || x || x || x || x || x || x |} == Suggested Roles== *Tug: High speed means it can get to locations quickly, a [[Tractor Beam]] in main array allows tractoring stations and asteroids. Towing limited to 80 m/s. == See Also== *[[Heavy Dragon|Split Heavy Dragon]] {{M6}} {{Split Navbox}}