{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Drone Hauler
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{M4class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=450
|Maxspeed=450
|Minaccel=55
|Maxaccel=55
|Minsteer=23.5
|Maxsteer=23.5
|Hull=1500
|Maxshield=1 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=4
|Shieldreactor=70
|Cargoclass=S
|Mincargo=20
|Maxcargo=20
|Lasercap=1200
|Laserrecharge=48
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=4
|ire=1|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}

{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Drone Hauler
|Faction=Boron
|Class={{M4class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=250
|Maxspeed=250
|Minaccel=14
|Maxaccel=14
|Minsteer=18
|Maxsteer=18
|Hull=
|Maxshield=5 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=15
|Shieldreactor=300
|Cargoclass=S
|Mincargo=45
|Maxcargo=45
|Lasercap=2,500
|Laserrecharge=100
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}

==Overview==
A capture-only ship classed as M4.

==Background==
Developed by OTAS corporation in collaboration with every major race in the galaxy, these advanced drones use Heuristic Autonomous Logarithms to acquire targets and can successfully predict a pilot's maneuvers, evasive actions and skill with 91%  accuracy after 12-20 seconds of motion analysis. Although OTAS are promoting these advanced drones as the 'end of manned fighters', many merchants and fleet commanders are unnerved by their efficiency, some going as far as to even label them 'Xenon efficient'. OTAS deny rumours that the drone A.I. consists of reverse-engineered Xenon subroutines and assure their customers that they are safe and reliable.

==Physical Characteristics==

== Combat ==
The Argon Drone Hauler is the fastest M4 by far, but its hull, shields, cargo size and weapon loadout would make it seem a much better fit in the [[M5]] class. Compared to M5s, its speed and shields are only average, the handling is terrible, and the cargo hold is the smallest after the abysmal [[Octopus]]. The Drone Hauler's two strong points compared to M5s are its laser charge rate and the fact that it can mount the Mass Driver; however, their usefulness are hampered by the fact that the Drone Hauler can mount only the IRE as an energy weapon and does not have the cargo space to feed ammo-based weapons.

== Equipment ==
The Argon Drone Hauler comes with [[Fight Command Software]] MK1 and MK2 installed, as well as with a [[Triplex Scanner]], even though the latter is class M cargo and therefore nominally too large.
It can mount the [[Mass Driver]], but the extremely tight cargo space leaves little room for ammunition.
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
|
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
Not available for purchase, must be captured by making the pilot bail.

== Suggested Roles==
Trophy ship.

== See Also==

{{M4}}
{{M4category}}
{{Argon Navbox}}
[[Category:Not Purchasable]]