{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Eclipse
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{M3+class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally| 6044362}}
|Minspeed= 52 
|Maxspeed= 130
|Minaccel=8
|Maxaccel=22
|Minsteer= 20.31 
|Maxsteer= 50.78
|Hull= 12500 / 25000 (AP)
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=200
|Shieldreactor= 1250
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=120
|Maxcargo= 320
|Lasercap= 8000
|Laserrecharge=200
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Eclipse Prototype
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{M3+class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed= 48
|Maxspeed= 120
|Minaccel= 9
|Maxaccel= 23
|Minsteer= 16.9
|Maxsteer= 42.2
|Hull= 9,375 / 30000 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=5
|Maxshieldstrength=125
|Shieldreactor= 1500
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=120
|Maxcargo= 285 / 350 (AP)
|Lasercap= 8500
|Laserrecharge= 205
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Eclipse
|Faction=Pirate
|Class={{M3+class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed= 50
|Maxspeed= 140
|Minaccel=10
|Maxaccel=30
|Minsteer=21.3
|Maxsteer=53.2
|Hull= 9375 / 18750 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=75
|Shieldreactor= 800
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=120
|Maxcargo= 285
|Lasercap= 7800
|Laserrecharge=195
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Eclipse Advanced
|Faction=Pirate
|Class={{M3+class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed= 67.5
|Maxspeed= 126
|Minaccel=17
|Maxaccel=33
|Minsteer=30.5
|Maxsteer= 50.8
|Hull=  11250 / 22500 (AP)
|Maxshield= 25 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=100
|Shieldreactor= 1200
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo= 254
|Maxcargo= 332
|Lasercap= 7800
|Laserrecharge=195
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Eclipse is considered quite ugly, however, it is a well-shielded and powerful fighter in its own right, well suited to maintaining local air superiority, and has become a popular heavy fighter.

==Background==
The Eclipse was designed by Bala Gi Research Inc. in response to requests from the Argon, Paranid and Split for an improved heavy fighter. Widely regarded as the best all-rounder at the time, the Eclipse has not been updated fast enough to remain at the cutting edge.
===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Federal Argon Government commissioned Bala Gi Research  Inc. to develop a heavy fighter, larger than the current [[Nova]], to fulfill a wider range of roles. The result, the Eclipse, enjoys a larger cargo bay than the Nova, at the expense of some speed and maneuverability.  The Argon military are glad to welcome this craft into their arsenal.

==Variants==
===Eclipse===
The standard Eclipse is the best shielded of the variants, with 200MJ of shielding. It is the only variant to mount the [[Ion Disruptor]].
In Albion Prelude, it is additionally able to mount the Energy Bolt Chaingun.

===Eclipse Prototype===
This is one of the few exceptions to the general rule that prototype ships are better; it has marginally improved firepower at the expense of everything else.

===Pirate Eclipse===
The Pirate Eclipse is faster than the standard, but has less than half the shielding and a smaller cargo bay.
===Pirate Eclipse Advanced===
The Advanced Pirate Eclipse has a slightly larger cargo bay than the standard, but has half its shielding and is slightly slower.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Eclipse has a vaguely oval-shaped body which appears segmented, with a beak at the front. It is quite large for a fighter and easy to hit with weapons fire.

== Combat ==
The Eclipse is a decent fighter, though a little unwieldy. Because it is among the slowest fighters, it cannot chase down its targets very well, but with two turrets packing some powerful anti-fighter guns like the [[Phased Repeater Gun]], its slow speed is less of a disadvantage once in combat. Nevertheless, some strategy is required when engaging multiple nimble targets, as the Eclipse's large size makes it a big target. Taking out faster targets quickly with missiles is recommended, and the Eclipse has the cargo bay to carry several kinds.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
The Eclipse Prototype is not available for sale, but is received as a reward for reaching rank 10 (maximum) notoriety with [[Terracorp]].

An Advanced Pirate Eclipse and a Pirate Eclipse are available as [[Ownerless ships|ownerless ships]] in Terran Conflict.

{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|+ '''Availability'''
|- style="background-color:lightblue;"
! Variant !! [[Argon Prime]] !!  [[Cloudbase South East]] !! [[Omicron Lyrae]] !! [[Light of Heart]] !! [[Legend's Home]] !! [[Argon Sector M148]]
|-
! Eclipse || x || || x || x || || x
|}

== Suggested Roles==
The Eclipse's slow speed makes it most useful in defensive roles. It is best when defending other slow ships like [[M1|Carriers]] or [[TS|Freighters]], or defending stations against Pirate fighters.  Like other M3+ ships, it is relatively expensive, so it is not usually recommended for mass-use.

It can also be fairly well suited as a light escort for trading vessels or as a cheap way to deal with frequent pirate fighter raiding in a sector; it is about as slow as any trade ship it needs to protect while having strong weaponry and shielding, allowing it to hold the area around it well.

== See Also==
{{M3+}}
{{Argon Navbox}}