<!-- source file: index__qbf5a0253ac25.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Elephant |Faction= Split |Class= {{TLclass}} |Priceblock= {{Priceblock|Distinguished Associate| 17415102}} |Minspeed= 87.9 |Maxspeed= 131.9 |Minaccel= 6 |Maxaccel= 9 |Minsteer= 0.4 |Maxsteer= 0.5 |Hull= 120000 |Maxshield= 200 MJ |Shieldslots= 5 |Maxshieldstrength= 1000 |Shieldreactor= 4300 |Cargoclass= ST |Mincargo= 34000 |Maxcargo= 34000 |Lasercap= 27300 |Laserrecharge= 273 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|14 {{Fighterdock}}}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The '''Elephant''' is quick, cheap and efficient, making it the most popular [[TL]] to buy first. Its utility suffers because it has the smallest freight space in its class, making it less effective than other designs in carrying and deploying stations or other high volume goods. However its speed is unmatched amongst TLs (and even among [[TS]]), which makes it ideal for smaller and faster cargo deliveries. It was the ship of choice for eliminating pesky [[Kha'ak Destroyer]]s in ''[[X3: Reunion]]'' due to its compatibility with the [[Photon Pulse Cannon|Beta Photon Pulse Cannon]], which considerably out-ranged the [[Gamma Kyon Emitter]]. [[X3: Terran Conflict|Nowadays]], it uses no unusual weaponry for its class, though it sports an above-average weapon generator. It is often used as a mobile HQ due to its speed and large hangar. ==Background== This huge Transporter is too large to dock at any space station and carries a number of smaller freighters to load and unload its trading goods. It is believed that this Transporter is an evolutionary form of a much smaller Transporter called the Rhino, which seems to have been phased out over the last hundred years. It is believed that a different [[Split]] family clan controls each transporter. ==Physical Characteristics== The Elephant closely resembles the [[M1]] [[Raptor]] and [[M2]] [[Python]], being essentially a rusty-red slab of metal, taller than it is wide. Its main distinguishing characteristics are a forward-jutting "chin" and a pair of stubby wings amidships. == Combat == The Elephant itself is nothing special in a fight, but since it is capable of carrying a sizable fighter wing to do its dirty work it counts as potentially quite a lethal vessel in player hands. The Elephant is the fastest and cheapest, has the strongest laser and shield recharge rate of the TLs and only the [[Hercules]] can carry more shielding as a TL. This makes it the most combat-capable TL out there, and good for supporting large fleets. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] | *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] | *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == The Elephant is available at all but two [[Split Shipyard]]s. {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |+ '''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Split}}" ! Variant !! [[Family Pride]] !! [[Rhonkar's Might]] !! [[Cho's Defeat]] !! [[Family Tkr]] !! [[Family Njy]] !! [[Zyarth's Dominion]]!! [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] !! [[Rhonkar's Trial]] !! [[Family Rhy]] |- ! Elephant || x || x || x || || x || x || x || x || |- |} == Suggested Roles== Due to its low price, the Elephant is often the first TL bought by a new player, and excels at [[Build Stations|station-building missions]] due to its speed. Its 14-berth [[:Category:Fighters|fighter]] hangar also makes it effective as a temporary storehouse for [[Bail|captured]] fighters. For the same reason, it can prove useful as a light patrol carrier for defending factories from [[Pirates|pirate]] fighter attack. == See Also== {{TL}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Split Navbox}}