<!-- source file: index__q872f87381b01.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox ware |ware= Fighter Drone MKII |cargoclass=M |volume=4 |minprice=21293 |aveprice=26952 |maxprice=32611 }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Fighter Drone MKII |Faction= |Class=Drone |Priceblock= |Minspeed=200 |Maxspeed=200 |Minaccel=14 |Maxaccel=14 |Minsteer=26 |Maxsteer=26 |Hull=600 |Maxshield=0 |Shieldslots=0 |Maxshieldstrength=0 |Shieldreactor=25 |Cargoclass=S |Mincargo=10 |Maxcargo=10 |Lasercap=3600 |Laserrecharge=65 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=0|cig=0|ppc=0|md=0 |us=0|prg=0|cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|ipg=0 |ic=0|fbl=0|psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|faa=0 |gc=0|pbe=0|isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0 |empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|fbc=0|ake=0 |bke=0|gke=0|eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The MKII Fighter Drone offers an increase in both maneuverability and firepower over the previous version, while also enjoying an extended range of operation. ==Commentary== More heavily armed, but slower than MKI Drones. In general practice, 2 MKI Drones work better than 1 MKII Drone, particularly for [[Simulation_Modeling#Out-of-Sector|OoS]] applications. Mounts two [[Particle Accelerator Cannon|PAC]]s and lasts for about 10 minutes. While MKI drones mount an [[Impulse Ray Emitter]], MKII drones mount a [[Particle Accelerator Cannon]], which is substantially more useful at dealing hull damage. Unfortunately, MKII drones are not widely used because despite these advantages, they still aren't much more advantageous at damaging shields and have no armor, yet cost significantly more per unit. As a result, they aren't as disposable or easy to replace as regular drones. However, the MKII should not be underestimated nor undervalued: in IS combat, when deployed in large numbers (if you have the money to buy them in bulk, that is), the dual PACs can shred even the biggest capital ships within minutes and a swarm of these drones is a death sentence for fighter craft. The only problem to consider is that drones have a tendency to smash into other ships, especially capitals. Additionally, even if drones destroy a ship, their kills do not legitimately register for your reputation and combat ranks, so use them wisely. ==Trading information== {| ! Sold by; !! Traded at |- valign="top" | *Argon [[Advanced Drone Factory]] *Split [[Advanced Drone Factory]] | *List of Trading Stations where this ware is traded (sector only) |} ==See Also== *[[Fighter Drone]] {{Warecategory}}