<!-- source file: index__q3a5af4f5558b.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox missile|Missile=Firefly Missile|Yield=1500|Speed= 576|Range=25|Cooldown=|Seeker=Autonomous|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Dumbfire|AoE=}} {{Infobox ware|ware=Firefly Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=1|minprice=|aveprice= 224 |maxprice=}} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Firefly is a very light and very fast [[Missiles#Overview|dumbfire]] missile. However, it does very weak damage and it will require hundreds of these to take down certain ships. It is notable for being the only [[purchasable]] dumbfire missile. ===Encyclopedia Entry=== With combat increasingly being fought at ever closer range, Argon Military specialists turned to the development of a more straightforward technology that did not require the advanced guidance systems of other missile units. The result was the Firefly Missile, a small, extremely fast projectile. With a high exit velocity and single trajectory, it is a oneshot one chance armament. ==Commentary== The Firefly is not commonly used, but when it is, it is often employed in numbers by fighters spamming a corvette whilst strafing it. Whilst it can be used against [[M5|scouts]] and [[M4|light fighters]] it takes a very, very good pilot to land the hit. Its terribly low damage doesn't make it useful it most situations, relegating it to either a low-class commodity for space equipment docks or a mildly important item for Corporation-sponsored delivery missions. [[Category:Proximity-fuse missiles]] {{Missile Navbox}}