{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox weapon
|weapon=Flak Artillery Array
|hulldam=1900
|shielddam=12800
|range=2.11
|rof= 55
|shotspeed= 7051
|maxweapenergy= 4000
|shotcost=629
}}
{{Infobox ware
|ware=Flak Artillery Array
|cargoclass=L
|volume=30
|minprice=579640
|aveprice=623268
|maxprice=666896
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
A potent weapon used by all [[Commonwealth]] battleships for fighter defense.

==Encyclopedia Entry==
A deadly weapon found on frigates, destroyers and carriers.

The Flak Artillery Array fires bursts of energy into space that then explode after a certain duration, acting as a defense barrier that stops most missiles and fighters.
==Commentary==
An effective if energy-hungry fighter screen for commonwealth battleships of [[M7]] class and up, because of its extraordinary accuracy rather than the damage inflicted per shot. The FAA is almost universally found on any battleships you will encounter, and always inflicts considerable damage to fighter and corvette wings. It is sometimes eschewed by players for frigate turrets as it diverts a considerable amount of power from any main weapons installed. It is not recommended to fit more than 4 of these due to its high energy drain, and it becomes more pronounced on ships that have poor laser recharge rates.

Many [[TL]] class ships can mount Flak Artillery Arrays, allowing them to deal nasty damage to an attacking fighter wing immediately in a single shot. However, they have such poor laser recharge rates that they cannot make prolonged use of the weapon at all.

The high accuracy is achieved by a bullet that travels extremely fast, making it just about impossible to avoid and hence almost guaranteeing a hit when the trigger is pressed. However, it has been known to skip the target on lagging computers and hence miss.

==Known Compatible Ships==
[[:Category:Flak_Artillery_Array|List of Compatible Ships]]
*[[Cerberus]]

==Available at Known Docks==

{|
!Sector!!Station
{{SectorStation|[[Acquisition Repository]] |[[Heavy Weapons Complex]] alpha}}
{{SectorStation|[[Ceo's Sprite]]  |[[Flak Artillery Array Forge]] alpha}}
{{SectorStation|[[Homily of Perpetuity]] |[[Heavy Weapons Complex]] alpha}}
{{SectorStation|[[PTNI Headquarters]] |[[Heavy Weapons Complex]] alpha}}
{{SectorStation|[[Two Grand]] |[[Heavy Weapons Complex]] alpha}}
{{SectorStation|[[Profit Center Alpha]]  |[[Flak Artillery Array Forge]] alpha}}

|}