{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Freight Drone
|Faction=
|Class=Drone
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=84
|Maxspeed=84
|Minaccel=10
|Maxaccel=10
|Minsteer=6
|Maxsteer=6
|Hull=150
|Maxshield=1 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=1
|Shieldreactor=100
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=800
|Maxcargo=800
|Lasercap=10000
|Laserrecharge=500
|Gunbay=
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox ware
|ware= Freight Drone
|cargoclass=M
|volume=3
|minprice=19675
|aveprice=26952
|maxprice=34229
}}
{{Infobox close}}

==Overview==
===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Freight Drone was designed to partially automate the process of transferring cargo. The Freight Drone has an advantage over the freight beamer in that its operational range is far greater.

==Commentary==
For ship to ship transfer, the [[Transporter device]] is the best transfer mechanism as they provide unlimited transfer without exterior exposure. 

However, station to ship, Freight Drones work well. They will typically move more quickly than a capital ship. They're cheaper, have greater cargo capacity than [[Falcon]]s and consume no docking bays when aboard ship. Furthermore, transporter devices provide don't permit a capital ship to purchase goods from most factories.

Comes pre-equipped with a [[Shields#1 MJ|1 MJ shield]] and [[Special Command Software]].  Unlike the various fighter drones, the Freight Drone can fly independently for a whole hour.

==Trading information==
{|
! Sold by !! Primary Resource at !! Secondary Resource at !! Traded at
|- valign="top"
|
*Boron [[Drone Factory]]
*Teladi [[Drone Factory]]
|
*List of Race Factories where this ware is a primary resource
|
*List of Race Factories where this ware is a secondary resource
|
*List of Trading Stations where this ware is traded (sector only)
|}

{{Warecategory}}

== Headline text ==