<!-- source file: index__qf15c31fb0708.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Griffon |Faction=Argon |Class={{M7class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed= 56.5 |Maxspeed= 124.2 |Minaccel= 6 |Maxaccel= 11 |Minsteer= 1.8 |Maxsteer= 3.24 |Hull= 150000 |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=4000 |Shieldreactor= 6800 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo= 2500 |Maxcargo=4800 |Lasercap= 74000 |Laserrecharge= 2200 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Bottom |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|9 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Griffon Sentinel [Albion Prelude] |Faction=Argon |Class={{M7Cclass}} |Priceblock= {{Priceblock| | 36166766}} |Minspeed= 56.5 |Maxspeed= 124.2 |Minaccel= 6 |Maxaccel= 11 |Minsteer= 1.8 |Maxsteer= 3.2 |Hull= 600000 |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=4000 |Shieldreactor= 6800 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo= 2500 |Maxcargo=4800 |Lasercap= 74000 |Laserrecharge= 2200 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Bottom |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|9 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Griffon's tiny size makes it a very tough, compact brawler. It is deadly to fighters but on its own cannot cause appreciable damage to a capital ship. It has extensive docking facilities for fighters. ==Background== The Griffon is an Argon prototype for a new type of light carrier, however due to design problems the original simply never got close to production. One prototype has been completed; its speed, shielding and weapon generator have all received substantial buffs, but many of its originally planned docking ports had to be given over to these improvements. The Griffon is the Federal Argon Navy's attempt to provide a credible anti-fighter capability without endangering pilots. It can deploy a large number of [[Fighter Drone MKII|MkII Fighter Drone]]s quickly and then escape to safety. ==Physical Characteristics== Very, very tiny for its class. Even smaller than the [[Yokohama]], the Griffon is obviously [[Argon]], with silver armor and smooth lines. Its design is a variation from traditional Argon ship design, but it still is decidedly Argon in appearance. == Combat == The Griffon can mount powerful anti-fighter loadouts, but it cannot use any anti-capital weaponry. It will chomp fighters left and right with its many flak mounts, and although it has trouble dealing with other frigates and larger threats due to its lack of heavy weapons, it can avoid enemy capital fire with ease. To take the fight back to a Capital class aggressor will require an escort of anti capital ships, or fitting the Griffon with some Hammerheads, Firestorms, and/or Typhoons. It has several times the shielding than other [[M7C]] class ships. This, combined with it possessing the best turning speed, acceleration, small size, one of the best top speeds, easily the best laser recharge rate, shield recharge rate, the widest loadout options for its class makes it the general leader of the [[M7C]]s, though it has the smallest hangar capacity and costs roughly twice as much. The Sentinel variant replaces the original in AP and with its vastly improved hull makes a great player ship. Equipped with FAAs (on the turrets) and [[Concussion Impulse Generator]]s as main weapons it can easily defend itself against fighters and missiles and take out other [[M7]]s. It still cannot be effectively used as a ship dedicated to taking on larger enemy capital ships unless it is mounted with either of the three aforementioned missiles described above. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == As of v3.0, the Griffon is available in vanilla as a reward for completing the [[Operation: Final Fury]] plotline. In [[Albion Prelude]], the Griffon Sentinel is available for purchase: {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |+ '''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Argon}}" ! Variant !! [[Argon Prime]] !! [[Argon Sector M148]] !! [[Cloudbase South East]] !! [[Legend's Home]] |- ! Griffon Sentinel || x || x || x || x || |} == Suggested Roles== The Griffon is an excellent candidate for a player ship, useful as a force projector with its hangar for 9 fighters, or as a standalone anti-fighter platform. These qualities help make the Griffon likely the best [[M7C]] in its class. It seems geared towards an escort role due to its speed and loadout. Could be a decent mid-level [[Ion Disruptor|ID]] ship crippler with 4GJ shielding to the Cerberus' 3GJ (TC only, in AP both ships have 4GJ), having 4 main guns and 4 forward facing turrets both ID capable as well. == See Also== *[[Cerberus|Argon Cerberus]] *[[Minotaur|Argon Minotaur]] {{M7}} {{M7C}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Argon Navbox}}