<!-- source file: index__qff1a618bfb9b.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Guppy |Faction=Boron |Class={{M7Cclass}} |Priceblock={{priceblock||16412847}} |Minspeed=77.6 |Maxspeed=132.0 |Minaccel=7 |Maxaccel=12 |Minsteer=0.9 |Maxsteer=1.4 |Hull=250000 |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=1 |Maxshieldstrength=1000 |Shieldreactor= 2,000 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=3200 |Maxcargo=5000 |Lasercap=13,000 |Laserrecharge=900 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|12 [[M3+]]-[[M5]], 1 [[TP]]/[[TS]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Boron Guppy, new to Albion Prelude, is the Boron's entry in the new M7C category, known in-game as Drone Frigates or colloquially as Carrier Frigates. The Guppy has the strongest armament and shields of the four new M7Cs. ==Background== The latest result of the new Boron military diversification campaign, the Guppy is doubtlessly one of the most refined examples of specialty shipbuilding in Boron history. Sleek, spacious and menacing, the Guppy is an excellent border patrol leader. Though it is not the leading vessel in any one characteristic when compared to other drone frigates, the Guppy provides the most rounded and well-balanced performance. Although it is estimated to be almost twice as expensive to produce as regular frigates, the Guppy is still relatively affοrdable thanks to heavy government subsidization. This ship has acquired a status in the industry, serving as the yardstick for its class. ==Physical Characteristics== The Guppy shares the Boron capital ship aesthetic of a green, organic finish with sleek curves. It has a light-blue liquid underside where it docks its fighters, a feature it shares with the Royal Boron Shipyard in [[Queen's Retribution]]. It can also dock a single [[TP]] or [[TS]] ship in its belly, a feature that shares with the Paranid [[Ariadne]]. == Combat == The Guppy is a force projector, like other M7Cs, but it is fast enough and well-armed enough to provide its own fire support against light targets. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] | *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] | *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] | *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="background-color:lightblue;" ! Variant !! [[Lucky Planets]] |- ! Guppy || x || |} == Suggested Roles== In a fleet support role, the Guppy is well-shielded for its class and relatively well-protected. It is also considered a good choice as a player ship, as it can even carry a TP for VIP transport or recovery missions. == See Also== *[[Kraken|Boron Kraken]] *[[Thresher|Boron Thresher]] {{M7C}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Boron Navbox}}