{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile= Hammer Heavy Torpedo [Albion Prelude]|Yield=375000|Speed=300|Range=75.3|Cooldown=1250|Seeker=|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware= Hammer Heavy Torpedo |cargoclass=L|volume=15|minprice=46999|aveprice=50536|maxprice=54073}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile= Hammer Heavy Torpedo |Yield=300000|Speed=253|Range=75.9|Cooldown=1250|Seeker=|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware= Hammer Heavy Torpedo |cargoclass=L|volume=20|minprice=46999|aveprice=50536|maxprice=54073}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The '''Hammer''' is the anti-capital weapon of [[Commonwealth]] [[M7M]]s. Its tracking and target re-acquisition characteristics make it deadly to all ships [[M6|Corvette]]-sized or larger. The ability to launch a barrage of 8 makes it astoundingly lethal.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
Designed as a large, anti-capital ship torpedo which can be fired in salvos, particularly by missile frigates, the Hammer combines a large warhead with the greater speed and manoeuvrability that is made possible by the use of a larger specially-designed launching system.

==Commentary==
The launch button of a ship loaded with Hammers is often considered an 'I Win' button, due to the fact that Hammer Heavy Torpedoes can level an entire Sector without the launching platform ever getting being exposed to laser fire. While each missile's yield is smaller than the [[Firestorm Torpedo]] or [[Hammerhead Missile]], the huge numbers that can be lobbed at an enemy combined with the missile's re-acquisition targeting capability, very long range, and high speed make this weapon the deadliest anti-capital weapon available to the Commonwealth.

The Hammer's drawback is its large cargo volume, at a restrictive level of 20. In Albion Prelude, it has been buffed to 15, making Commonwealth M7Ms slightly more able to carry a larger number of the Hammer. Damage and speed were also tweaked.

[[Category:Commonwealth missiles]]
[[Category:Large missiles]]
[[Category:Proximity-fuse missiles]]
[[Category:Torpedoes]]
{{Missile Navbox}}