<!-- source file: index__q7553e0e6f8bf.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Heavy Nemesis |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M6+class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Priest Protectorate| 14377642 }} |Minspeed=62.2 |Maxspeed=124.5 |Minaccel=4 |Maxaccel=8 |Minsteer=1.5 |Maxsteer=3.1 |Hull= 67000 |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=800 |Shieldreactor=2800 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=475 |Maxcargo=575 |Lasercap=15750 |Laserrecharge=472 / 1890 (AP) |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The [[Paranid]] '''Heavy Nemesis''' is one of the most stylish ships in ''[[X3: Terran Conflict]]'', so it would make a good personal yacht for players if not for its tiny cargo bay. Like the original [[Nemesis]] it is a highly effective patrol craft. ==Background== This militarized "Heavy" version of the Paranid Nemesis is a no-frills, gritty and very potent corvette. With ramped-up performance in almost every aspect of the ship, it is the nemesis of almost every opponent. ==Physical Characteristics== The Heavy Nemesis addresses the turret problem in the original, with three dual turrets providing almost perfect anti-fighter defense. Its generator is improved, at average level for the heavy corvettes, and it has respectable speed while retaining a low profile, allowing it to easily evade attacks by strafing when player-controlled. == Combat == Like its predecessor, the Heavy Nemesis can mount the [[Ion Shard Railgun]], but still has insufficient power to justify the weapon's use. It can still severely lower the energy available to some battleships or [[TL]]s. == Equipment == Like many [[M6+]] craft, the Heavy Nemesis mounts [[Shields#200 MJ|4x200MJ]] shields, making it quite difficult to destroy using low-key weapons. It can use a wide variety of weapons, usually [[High Energy Plasma Thrower]]s, [[Ion Shard Railgun]]s or [[Concussion Impulse Generator]]s on its fixed mounts, and assorted light armaments in the turrets, such as the [[Particle Accelerator Cannon]] or [[Pulsed Beam Emitter]]. {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == The Heavy Nemesis is available at two [[Paranid Shipyard]]s for around 14 million credits, which is about average for this type of ship. If purchase is not an option, they are often found escorting Paranid warships or in patrol groups and can be boarded. It rarely goes unescorted. {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |+ '''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Paranid}}" ! Variant !! [[Paranid Prime]] !! [[Trinity Sanctum]] !! [[Third Redemption]] !! [[Cardinal's Domain]] !! [[Duke's Citadel]] !! [[Heaven's Assertion]] |- ! Heavy Nemesis || || || x || || || x |} == Suggested Roles== A highly versatile craft in combat, the Heavy Nemesis can lead sector patrols with a fighter escort. It is also fast enough to keep up with almost all frigates and other battleships, so is effective as an escort. However, its cramped cargo bay prevents it from being useful as a player ship. == See Also== *[[Nemesis|Paranid Nemesis]] {{M6+}} {{Paranid Navbox}}