<!-- source file: index__qef239c52c506.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Heavy Hydra |Faction=Boron |Class={{M6+class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Queens Knight| 25382467}} |Minspeed=86.2 |Maxspeed=138 |Minaccel=5 |Maxaccel=8 |Minsteer=1.4 |Maxsteer=2.6 |Hull=71300 / 285200 (AP) |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=800 |Shieldreactor= 3250 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=750 |Maxcargo=875 |Lasercap=13500 |Laserrecharge=472 / 1890 (AP) |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=6 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The heavy Hydra is greatly improved over [[Hydra|its predecessor]], with massively superior shield and weapon generators. It has excellent offensive turret coverage, along with good speed and weapon compatibility. However, the Heavy Hydra suffers from poor maneuverability and an ability to carry XL-class cargo. It costs 10 million more credits than most other M6+ craft, but to a late-game player, the Heavy Hydra is a decent choice for a medium strike craft. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The redeveloped Hydra was the result of a review following the introduction of the [[M7|frigate]] class. The 'Heavy' Hydra is a huge improvement over the original design in almost every area. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == The Heavy Hydra should be flown as an assault ship, as its turret coverage does not lend itself well to dogfighting. The turrets do, however, lend themselves very well to defending the ship against attackers whilst it conducts a strafing run of a larger target. Its weaponry is effective, with six main slots and four turret guns mounted across two turrets on the lower front and back of the ship. It can use Boron Ion weaponry such as the [[Ion Pulse Generator]] to slow a target ship down for a short period, making it a good ship for disabling ships prior to [[boarding]]. It is capable of destroying [[M7|frigates]] with relative ease due to its good shielding, though its maneuverability means it cannot reliably keep itself in the target's blind spots. The ship's turret layout allows all four lasers to fire below the ship, allowing the pilot to concentrate entirely on flying and to let their turrets fire. == Equipment == Its large cargo bay allows plentiful energy storage for jumping, so it works well at extended ranges without a support ship. {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="{{Colour/Boron}}" ! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !! [[Great Reef]] !! [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]] |- | Heavy Hydra || || || || || || x || |} == Suggested Roles== The Heavy Hydra is best as a personal heavy-hitter or boarding support vessel, leveraging its overall good stats and ion weaponry to cripple its target. The extreme cost makes it a poor choice for patrols and fleet operations, as two of any other [[M6+]] will always beat one Heavy Hydra. == See Also== *[[Hydra|Boron Hydra]] {{M6+}} {{Boron Navbox}}