<!-- source file: index__q5a596e7309d9.html -->

{{Infobox Sector |Race=Terran |SecLevel=Border |Population=19,352,424 |Planets=2 |SunLevel=150 |GateDist=60 |Gates={{Gateblock/Begin}} {{Gateblock2|North|-750| 0| 29550|[[Asteroid Belt]]}} {{Gateblock2|South|0| 0| -25725|[[Circle Of Labour]]}} {{Gateblock/End}} }} ==Description== ===History=== Heretic's End is a recently discovered Sector. Originally colonised by the [[Paranid]], it was one of the most lonely backwater Sectors known to the [[Commonwealth]], and the only use anyone could think for it was as a training ground for fighter pilots. This changed, however, when the Paranid conspired with the [[Sohnen]] to build a new jumpgate link. Once completed, it was moved to Heretic's End and activated. The other end of the new gate link ended up in the Solar System, and [[Terran]] ships quickly came flooding through. The Paranid, finding the Terrans extremely hostile, abandoned the sector immediately. The new Terran sector was off-limits to any ship of any origin for many months, until negotiations between the Terrans and the [[Argon]] allowed passage through to Terran space. Argon and Terran stations were set up for trading and diplomatic purposes and the Solar System jumpgate was towed to the [[Asteroid Belt]], from where it would be more difficult to launch an assault against [[Earth]] from the Commonwealth. Now, this Sector exists as the most important, and potentially the most volatile, border between any two factions in the X-Universe. ===Scanner Entry=== Originally discovered and claimed by the Paranid, Heretic's End was used primarily as a remote training area. Since the activation of the gate to Earth in this sector and the massive battle that ensued between the [[Kha'ak]] and a combined Terran and Commonwealth force, Terran forces have annexed this sector with little argument from the Paranid. The sector has become a buffer zone between Terran and non-Terran space, patrolled by a large contingent of Terran ships. ==Default [[Stations]]== *Orbital Defense Station ==[[Asteroids]]== ==See Also== {{Terran Navbox}}