{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Hornet Missile|Yield=200000|Speed=186|Range=31.23|Cooldown=1500|Seeker=Targeted|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=0}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Hornet Missile|cargoclass=M|volume=3|minprice= 8896 |aveprice= 10108 |maxprice= 11320}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=[Albion Prelude] Hornet Missile|Yield=200000|Speed=225|Range=31.23|Cooldown=1500|Seeker=Targeted|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=0}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Hornet Missile [Albion Prelude]|cargoclass=M|volume=4|minprice= 8896 |aveprice= 10108 |maxprice= 11320}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The '''Hornet''' is a powerful medium-heavy munition designed and manufactured by the [[Paranid]] that is favored for combat between [[M3|heavy fighters]] and [[M6|corvettes]]. It has [[Missiles#Overview|tracking ability]] and is a very popular choice of weapon.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Hornet Class Missile is the most powerful weapon known today. The gigantic resources needed to produce this monster also make it extremely expensive. The missile works by setting off a small nuclear charge causing a reaction among three differing elements that are then combined on impact to create a large explosion powerful enough to disrupt even the largest shields. The Hornet is, on the other side, the slowest of the known missiles, and is best used against immobile or slow moving targets.

==Commentary==
The Hornet class missile was once the most powerful missile built in the X-Universe, but with the arrival of the [[Kha'ak|Kha'ak's]] new more powerful [[M6|Corvette]] and [[M2|Destroyer]] class ships, other more powerful and maneuverable missiles were designed. The Hornet is far from obsolete, however; as of the Terran Conflict era, its damage has been improved to [[Shields#200_MJ|200MJ]] while maintaining a low cost. This makes it considerably less expensive than missiles of similar yield, such as the [[Typhoon Missile|Typhoon]], making it a very cost-effective way to dispose of [[M6|Corvettes]] and slow [[M3|fighters]]. The only drawbacks when compared to the Typhoon are the lack of a swarm variety and less range, making it comparatively less effective against larger capital ships, and especially of [[Kha'ak]] design; additionally, it cannot track new targets if the original target was destroyed and an extra missile was launched. However, it is still powerful enough to be a good desperation weapon against capital ships if fired in masses.

The Hornet missile is also often used in a less violent (if no less spectacular) fashion by [[Mobile Mining|miners]], as it is the smallest missile capable of breaking up a station-size asteroid in one shot.  This makes it quite useful for [[ice]] and [[nividium]] mining.

The Hornet missile is a corvette-grade weapon; however, the one notable exception is the [[Medusa|Paranid Medusa Prototype]], which can carry it alongside the [[Typhoon Missile|Typhoon]] and the [[Firestorm Torpedo|Firestorm]].

As of the Argon-Terran war of Albion Prelude, the Hornet's speed has been increased to 225m/s, allowing it to catch all but the fastest [[M3]] ships. Its cargo volume has also been increased to 4 units, making it slightly more restrictive to use.

[[Category:Commonwealth missiles]]
[[Category:Medium missiles]]
{{Missile Navbox}}