<!-- source file: index__qa9367c9d6b53.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Hoshi |Faction=Yaki |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 79732059}} |Minspeed=70 |Maxspeed=112 |Minaccel= 7.0 |Maxaccel= 12.0 |Minsteer= 0.3 |Maxsteer= 0.5 |Hull= 280000 |Maxshield= 2 GJ |Shieldslots= 2 |Maxshieldstrength= 4000 |Shieldreactor= 8200 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 8000 |Maxcargo= 8800 |Lasercap= 51000 |Laserrecharge= 799 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Bottom |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|40 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Hoshi is the Yaki M1. It is comparatively weakly shielded for a Carrier-class ship. Despite this, its speed is unrivaled even by the [[Split]] [[Raptor]] in its class, allowing it the superior mobility coveted by the carriers. Its hangar bay is unexceptional, but its ability to outmaneuver other ships in its own class, and outspeed the frigates which are most likely to threaten it make it a powerful ship in the right hands. ==Background== Hoshi, meaning star, is the Yaki's response to increasing incursions into its space by Argon and Paranid patrols. Able to jump in, deploy fighters, and retire to a safe distance, Hoshi now makes Argon and Paranid mission planners think twice. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == As with all carriers, the Hoshi relies on a large wing of fighters to do its killing. This ability to project their firepower makes all carriers very deadly. However, all carriers are equally vulnerable: they are not front line craft and will be destroyed by most other capital ships, even frigates. To this end, once a carrier captain has unleashed his fighters he must then outwit his opposition so as not to be cornered and destroyed. Thus, the Hoshi achieves better than any other carrier due to its prodigious speed which grants it the ability to outrun most frigates. Its comparatively small reserves of fighters (about 40, far less than those of the Argon [[Colossus]] and Split [[Raptor]]), exceptionally weak shields and the fact that players generally prefer killing the Yaki to befriending them makes it relatively unpopular, however. == Equipment == {| |+'''Missiles''' |- | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] | *[[Hornet Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] | *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] | *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] | *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] | *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == The Hoshi is available for sale from the Yaki Shipyard in [[Senator's Badlands]]. It can also be found during missions, and very occasionally flying around Yaki space, for those who prefer [[Bigship Boarding|boarding]] operations to diplomacy. == Suggested Roles== == See Also== {{M1}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Yaki Navbox}}