{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Hurricane Missile|Yield=6000|Speed=471|Range=30|Cooldown=|Seeker= Targetted|Submunitions=1|Fusing= Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=0}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Hurricane Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=3|minprice=3357|aveprice= 4044  |maxprice=4731}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Hurricane Missile (Albion Prelude)|Yield=6000|Speed=560|Range=29|Cooldown=|Seeker= Targetted|Submunitions=1|Fusing= Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=0}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Hurricane Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=1|minprice=3357|aveprice= 4044  |maxprice=4731}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Hurricane is a light and fast munition with [[Missiles#Overview|tracking capability]] that is lethal against [[M5|scouts]] and some light interceptors.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
After some concern that this armament would be nothing more than a continuation of the SQUASH Mine's unethical usage, the Hurricane missile firmly rooted itself in military circles as being the weapon-of-choice when dealing with large numbers of small targets. Perfect for both Kha'ak cluster engagements as well as Pirate raid units.

==Commentary==
The Hurricane is a choice weapon for dealing with smaller targets. For its speed, it deals a large amount of damage, enough to one-hit kill most [[M5]] craft. In Terran Conflict, it compares poorly to the [[Wasp Missile]] and [[Disruptor Missile]] due to its large cargo requirements. In Albion Prelude, however, the missile's cargo requirements was reduced from 3 to 1, making it a competitive alternative to the Wasp and Disruptor.

This missile can be difficult to source. There are none of these carried at Equipment Docks, so the only sources are debris or player factories. There are, however, [[Hurricane Missile Factory|actual factories]] located in a couple of Paranid sectors; namely, Heaven's Assertion and Third Redemption.

{{Missile Navbox}}