<!-- source file: index__qceb22603207f.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Hydra |Faction=Boron |Class={{M6class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 8,766,030}} |Minspeed=61.5 |Maxspeed= 147.60 |Minaccel=6 |Maxaccel=16 |Minsteer=1.6 |Maxsteer=3.7 |Hull=54000 / 216000 (AP) |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=600 |Shieldreactor= 2.850 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=500 |Maxcargo=1500 |Lasercap=7000 |Laserrecharge=175 / 750 (AP) |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== Not to be confused with the [[Heavy Hydra]], the Boron Hydra is fast, with average shielding for its class. However, it costs a bomb, its weapon generator is outclassed by some M3s and its agility leaves much to be desired, making it considered one of the least desirable M6 class ships. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The Boron Hydra is a corvette-class ship, developed originally to give extra protection to convoys of freighters. The Hydra now sees widespread service both as part of regular sector patrols and as escorts for capital ships. Although many consider the Boron to be pacifists, this ship has been increasingly upgraded to pose a greater offensive threat to the enemies of the Boron Kingdom. ==Physical Characteristics== The Hydra is odd-looking, even for a Boron ship. It is vaguely pentagonal in shape, with a long narrow nose and boxy body. It shares the typical Boron feature of a green organic hull. == Combat == The Hydra is not particularly able in a combat role, due to its inability to sustain fire at its target. Its main use is as a missile platform or military cargo transport due to its large freight bay, which also makes it a capable user of ammunition-based weaponry, which mitigates its energy problems. Like many Boron combat craft, it is capable of using the [[Ion Disruptor]], allowing it to fulfill a disabling or capturing role. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="{{Colour/Boron}}" ! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !! [[Great Reef]] !! [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]] |- | Hydra || x || x || x || x || x || x || |} == Suggested Roles== With a large cargobay and high speed, the Hydra is an effective armed freighter, as well as being an effective platform for deploying large amounts of ordnance such as missiles, drones, lasertowers and mines. If armed with [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]]s, it is a capable threat on par with other M6s. == See Also== *[[Heavy Hydra|Boron Heavy Hydra]] {{M6}} {{Boron Navbox}}