{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Hyperion Vanguard
|Faction=Paranid
|Class={{M6+class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=67
|Maxspeed=169.1
|Minaccel=6
|Maxaccel=15 
|Minsteer=2.2
|Maxsteer=6.2 
|Hull=90000
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=5
|Maxshieldstrength=1000
|Shieldreactor=2500
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=1333
|Maxcargo=3333
|Lasercap=25000
|Laserrecharge=625 (in X3AP 2100)
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=3
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=3
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay={{Dockbay|2 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}}
}}

{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Hyperion is widely regarded as the best ship in the [[M6+]] class. Fast, powerful, well defended and with a quick turn rate for its class, it is capable of taking a fight to any opponent, from [[M5|scouts]] to [[M2|destroyers]]. On top of its impressive combat capabilities, it is the only corvette in the [[X-universe]] to have the function to dock and launch two [[:Category:Fighters|fighter class]] ships - this gives this ship the versitility to operate in many situations. However, it is not available to buy, and must be [[Bigship Boarding|''acquired'']] by other means.

==Background==
The Hyperion was first introduced as a prototype [[M7]] class yacht for the [[Paranid]] where it was significantly larger and more powerful. Its classification has changed over time to a cheaper and more compact [[M6+]], but remains a rather unique vessel, even after it started to be produced in larger numbers.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Hyperion's sleek lines demonstrate typical Paranid design. It has a small profile from both forward and the side and the upper profile is not particularly large either.

== Combat ==
The Hyperion has eight main guns, two side turrets that can fire forwards as well as having a huge angular range, and two rear three gun mount turrets. It can be equipped with all of the common corvette weapons in the main battery; [[High Energy Plasma Thrower|HEPT]], [[Concussion_Impulse_Generator|CIG]], [[Energy_Bolt_Chaingun|EBC]], [[Pulsed_Beam_Emitter|PBE]], [[Ion Shard Railgun|ISR]] and [[Plasma_Burst_Generator|PBG]] as well as the Paranid's own flak weapon, the [[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher]]. As such, it can be equipped with specialist weapons for every combat role. 

Choice in the forward turrets is more restricted, with only the HEPT, EBC and FBL as options unless the more ubiquitous [[Particle Accelerator Cannon|PAC]], which can be mounted in all slots and is an old but very effective weapon, is used.

The rear turrets are most restricted of all; only the FBL, IRE, and PAC can be mounted here.

Although it does not mount any heavy guns, it is the only [[Commonwealth]] vessel capable of launching the immensely potent [[Wraith Missile]] at a target, and also the only one capable of matching the Wraith's maximum speed (170 m/s), so that many can be launched on top of the others if the target is far enough. This overwhelms any defenses.

The Hyperion's shields are among the strongest of all M6s at 1GJ, allowing it to take a massive amount of punishment before succumbing.

== Equipment ==
{|
|- valign="top"
|
'''Main Battery:'''
*[[High Energy Plasma Thrower|HEPT]]
*[[Concussion_Impulse_Generator|CIG]]
*[[Energy_Bolt_Chaingun|EBC]]
*[[Pulsed_Beam_Emitter|PBE]]
*[[Ion Shard Railgun|ISR]]
*[[Plasma_Burst_Generator|PBG]]
*[[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher]]
|
'''Front Turrets:'''
*[[High Energy Plasma Thrower|HEPT]]
*[[Energy_Bolt_Chaingun|EBC]]
*[[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher]]
*[[Particle Accelerator Cannon|PAC]]

'''Rear Turrets:'''
*[[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher]]
*[[Particle Accelerator Cannon|PAC]]
|}

{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Hornet Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
|
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
|
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
*[[Wraith Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
The Hyperion cannot be bought and must be [[Bigship Boarding|boarded]]. It can be found patrolling some Paranid sectors, sometimes unescorted.

When choosing the starting game scenario "Poisoned Paranid" you get an "overtuned" Hyperion upon paying the ransom for it. This Hyperion is special in that it can (by chance) reach very high speed levels, reportedly up to 250.2 m/s. [{{linky}}forum.egosoft.com/viewtopic.php?t=289489 See details.]

== Suggested Roles==
The Hyperion is an excellent player ship due to its versatility and ability to beat any other ship in a fight, with sufficient skill from the pilot.

The ship's large cargo hold, docking bay, speed and maneuverability effectively make it an exceptionally powerful TM class ship. Capable of launching a small (2) wing of fighters, deploy large objects like lasertowers or fighter drone swarms, or act as a missile platform; the Hyperion is one of the most versatile ships in space.
*As a Warship, it can mount 8 CIG or ISR as main guns, plus 4 EBC and 6 PAC in its turrets. It can hold 400 Wraith (vs. capital ships), 400 Typhoon (vs. fighters), 100 wasp (vs. fleeing fighters), 200 Mosquito (vs. incoming missiles) and still have energy for 100 sector jump range.
*As a fast trader, it is extremely resilient, powerful and fast. Its cargo hold multiplied by its speed is better than even the TS class [[Mistral]]. Only the [[Springblossom]] might be a better at this role, as it is weaker, but much faster.
*As a complex building ship, it is the second fastest ship able to mount a Tractor Beam (the Split [[Dragon]] is 3 m/s faster). This shortens the time traveling when not towing factories (as it is capped at 80 m/s).

== Headquarters Production Info ==
This ship can be reverse engineered and produced at the player Headquarters. Required materials and build time are as follows:

HQ Production Materials
{| style="text-align:right;"
! Ware !! Amount
|- valign="top"
|[[Energy Cells]]||{{formatnum:36680}}
|-
|[[Teladianium]]||{{formatnum:1145}}
|-
|[[Cloth Rimes]]||381
|-
|[[Rastar Oil]]||763
|-
|[[Ore]]||{{formatnum:1527}}
|-
|[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]||{{formatnum:1145}}
|-
|[[Crystals]]||381
|-
|[[Quantum Tubes]]||381
|-
|[[Microchips]]||763
|-
|[[Computer Components]]||381
|-
|Shipwright Fee ([[Credits]])|| {{formatnum:10820648}}
|-
|Build Time (game time)<bR>(hh:mm:ss)||	21:40:33
|}

== See Also==

{{M6+}}
[[Category: Carrier]]