<!-- source file: index__q9004d56c56d5.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox weapon |weapon=Incendiary Bomb Launcher |hulldam=8100 |shielddam=46200 |range=5.14 |rof= 54 |shotspeed=312 |maxweapenergy= 4000 |shotcost=478 }} {{Infobox ware |ware=Incendiary Bomb Launcher |cargoclass=XL |volume=110 |minprice=782514 |aveprice=841412 |maxprice=900310 }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Incendiary Bomb Launcher, or IBL, is a [[Pirate]] capital-ship weapon. It can be charged to deal even more damage at the expense of significantly reduced energy. ==Encyclopedia Entry== A deadly weapon found on frigates, destroyers and carriers. Unable to easily gain possession of high-tech capital ship weapons, pirates designed this as an alternative. The Incendiary Bomb Launcher essentially produces a large ball of fiery plasma, which it then hurls at a target. ==Commentary== The IBL is manufactured only by pirates and is weaker than the other capital ship weapons: the [[Photon Pulse Cannon]], [[Gauss Cannon]], [[Ion Cannon]], and possibly the Terran [[Point Singularity Projector]]. However, since it can be mounted on many [[M7|frigates]] it is one of the more commonly used as it outclasses all other Frigate-class weapons, and players usually provide a good deal of economic assistance to the few [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher Forge]]s that they are able to [[Station Hack|hack]] in Pirate space, often building entire complexes nearby to feed them a continual supply of resources. As it is a Pirate station, the IBL Forge is not available at any shipyards and cannot be built by the player, making the weapon relatively rare. This weapon may also be randomly found in the cargo hold of some captured Commonwealth capital ships, so a player equipped for boarding operations may use this as a source of IBLs. ==Known Compatible Ships== {| cellpadding="5" |- valign="top" | *[[M1]] **Argon [[Colossus]] **Boron [[Shark]] **Paranid [[Zeus]] **Pirate [[Galleon]] **Split [[Raptor]] **Teladi [[Condor]] **Yaki [[Hoshi]] **Yaki [[Shuri]] | *[[M2]] **Argon [[Titan]] **Boron [[Megalodon]] **Boron [[Ray]] **Paranid [[Odysseus]] **Pirate [[Brigantine]] **Split [[Python]] **Teladi [[Phoenix]] **OTAS [[Boreas]] **Yaki [[Akuma]] | *[[M7]] **Argon [[Cerberus]] **Boron [[Thresher]] **Paranid [[Deimos]] **Paranid [[Agamemnon]] **Pirate [[Carrack]] **Split [[Tiger]] **Split [[Panther]] **Teladi [[Shrike]] **[[Xenon Q]] | *[[TL]] **Argon TL [[Mammoth]] **Boron TL [[Orca]] **Paranid TL [[Hercules]] **Split Tl [[Elephant]] **Teladi TL [[Albatross]] **Yaki TL [[Ryu]] | * Orbital Weapon Platforms **[[Orbital Weapon Platform L]] **[[Orbital Weapon Platform M]] **[[Orbital Weapon Platform S]] |} ==Available at Known Docks== Incendiary Bomb Launchers are sold at [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher Forge]], pirate stations at [[LooManckStrat's Legacy]] and [[Mercenaries' Rift]], and at two Yaki stations in [[Weaver's Tempest]]. To acquire an IBL you need good relations with Pirates, hack an IBL forge, capture it from ships carrying IBLs, or capture a TL delivering an IBL forge. Or just go to Yaki space.