<!-- source file: index__qd08be39b8837.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox weapon |weapon=Ion Disruptor |hulldam=10 |shielddam=3300 |range=0.938 |rof= 126 |shotspeed= 2027 |maxweapenergy= 1000 |shotcost= 164 }} {{Infobox ware |ware=Ion Disruptor |cargoclass=M |volume=10 |minprice= 241206 |aveprice= 280472 |maxprice= 319738 }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== A [[Boron]] [[Weapons#Beam weapons|beam weapon]] compatible with most craft in the [[Argon]] and [[Boron]] fleets. It deals minimal hull damage, and is designed to destroy a [[Wares#Ship Equipment|ship's equipment]]. ==Encyclopedia Entry== This weapon is unlike any weapon encountered, developed by [[Boron]] Scientists, this weapon fires a steady stream of ion particles in the direction of a ship. Then the stream is ignited. The result is a lightning effect that affects ship systems and [[shields]], while leaving the hull relatively untouched. Although this weapon is new, it has undergone extensive testing to make sure it keeps up to [[Boron]] standards. ==Commentary== Another curious weapon from the [[Boron]], the Ion Disruptor is the starting point of ion weaponry in X. It is essentially a short range lightning gun, with good shield damage but near-zero hull damage, making it effective for stripping equipment from boarding targets or irritating pursuers you don't want to kill. Its energy drain is high for the [[M3]]s and [[M4]]s it was designed for, but is comfortable for [[M6|corvettes]] to maintain. This makes the [[Boron]] [[Heavy Hydra]] and [[Argon]] [[Heavy Centaur]] effective platforms for it. Another special feature of this weapon is that it arcs from object to object, considerably increasing its range and allowing it to affect entire fighter wings. An advanced trick used by some battleships is to combine certain [[flak weapons]] with the Ion Disruptor, considerably increasing its effective range and validating its use onboard battleships. When mounted on fighters, it can be effective when used in alternation or tandem with more conventional weapons, as it quickly neutralizes shields and the slowing effect makes it easy to finish off enemy hulls with another weapon. When used in group situations it can be very useful for support, sapping the speed and shields of faster-moving medium and heavy ships in time for your own medium/heavy ships to get close and finish them. The weapon is also quite effective in deterring enemy missiles that come straight at you, making it an alternative to the rather commonly used but woefully impotent [[Mosquito Missile]]. The downside to using the Ion Disruptor is that it has the potential for friendly fire incidents, since the arc can also strike any nearby friendly or neutral craft that might get caught in the crossfire. Therefore, the weapon should not be used when traveling in groups. ==Known Compatible Ships== {| cellpadding="5" |- valign="top" | *[[Akuma]] *[[Angel]] *[[Aquilo]] *[[Aquilo]] *[[Astraeus Hauler]] *[[Barracuda]] *[[Blastclaw]] *[[Boa]] *[[Boreas]] *[[Brigantine]] *[[Caravel]] *[[Carrack]] *[[Centaur]] *[[Cerberus]] *[[Colossus]] *[[Eclipse]] *[[Eurus]] *[[Falcon]] *[[Galleon]] *[[Griffon]] *[[Heavy Centaur]] *[[Heavy Hydra]] *[[Hoshi]] *[[Hydra]] *[[Iguana]] | *[[Magnetar]] *[[Mako]] *[[Mammoth]] *[[Mercury(ship)]] *[[Mistral]] *[[Mobile Pirate Base Hauler]] *[[Notus Hauler]] *[[Nova]] *[[Orbital Weapon Platform L]] *[[Orbital Weapon Platform M]] *[[Orbital Weapon Platform S]] | *[[Orca]] *[[Pike]] *[[Pleco]] *[[Raptor]] *[[Ray]] *[[Ryu]] *[[Shark]] *[[Shuri]] *[[Sirokos]] *[[Skate]] *[[Skiron]] | *[[Thresher]] *[[Titan (ship)]] *[[Truelight Seeker]] *[[Venti]] |} ==Available at Known Docks==