{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox weapon
|weapon=Ion Pulse Generator
|hulldam=544
|shielddam=13000
|range=3.88
|rof= 62
|shotspeed= 347
|maxweapenergy=5000 
|shotcost=475
}}
{{Infobox ware
|ware=Ion Pulse Generator
|cargoclass=M
|volume=28
|minprice=444390
|aveprice=483032
|maxprice=521674
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Ion Pulse Generator, or IPG, is a [[Boron]] weapon compatible with [[M6|corvette]]s and heavier ships.

==Encyclopedia Entry==
A weapon usually found on corvettes or frigate-sized ships.

In addition to being effective against shields, the Ion Pulse Generator's projectiles give a violent ion burst on reach maximum range. This can have an effect on ships engines, often causing a reduction in speed.
==Commentary==
An interesting weapon due to its effect, which makes it less useless than the other corvette level weapons: It can briefly reduce the speed of a target ship upon impact, allowing a potentially slower craft to keep up. Add to this the fact that it deals minimal hull damage, and it becomes a useful weapon for capturing fighters and somewhat restricting more mobile opponents. It is, however, made less useful by its high energy drain and low refire rate, meaning every shot counts. A good weapon for OOS patrols (often combined with CIGs to compensate for lower hull DPS), can also be an effective frigate weapon for ships capable of mounting/powering them.

The weapon's high energy drain makes it restrictive to use on ships that have poor weapon recharge rates, and the fighter-grade [[Ion Disruptor]] makes a better candidate to be installed in numbers.

==Known Compatible Ships==
{| cellpadding="5"
|- valign="top"
|
*[[Astraeus Hauler]] (M7, Argon/OTAS)
*[[Boreas]] (M2, Argon/OTAS)
*[[Centaur]] (M6, Argon)
*[[Cerberus]] (M7, Argon)
*[[Colossus]] (M1, Argon)
*[[Griffon Sentinel]] (M7C, Argon)
*[[Heavy Centaur]] (M6+, Argon)
*[[Heavy Centaur Prototype]] (M6+, Argon)
*[[Mammoth]] (TL, Argon)
*[[Pirate Centaur]] (M6, Argon)
*[[Skiron]] (M6, Argon/OTAS)
*[[Titan]] (M2, Argon)
|
*[[Guppy]] (M7C, Boron)
*[[Heavy Hydra]] (M6+, Boron)
*[[Hydra]] (M6, Boron)
*[[Megalodon]] (M2+, Boron)
*[[Orca]] (TL, Boron)
*[[Ray]] (M2, Boron)
*[[Shark]] (M1, Boron)
*[[Thresher]] (M7, Boron)
|
*[[Brigantine]] (M2, Pirate)
*[[Carrack]] (M7, Pirate)
*[[Galleon]] (M1, Pirate)
|
*[[Albatross]] (TL, Teladi)
*[[Condor]] (M1, Teladi)
*[[Gannet]] (M7M, Teladi)
*[[Heavy Osprey]] (M6+, Teladi)
*[[Osprey]] (M6, Teladi)
*[[Phoenix]] (M2, Teladi)
*[[Pirate Osprey]] (M6, Teladi)
*[[Shrike]] (M7, Teladi)
|
*[[I]] (M2+, Xenon)
*[[K]] (M2, Xenon)
*[[Q]] (M7, Xenon)
|
*[[Akuma]] (M2, Yaki)
*[[Akurei]] (M7, Yaki)
*[[Hoshi]] (M1, Yaki)
*[[Ryu]] (TL, Yaki)
*[[Shuri]] (M1, Yaki)
|}

==Available at Known Docks==

       '''Sector'''                                 '''Station'''

        Kingdom End                               Boron Equipment Dock
                    

        Rolk's Fate                               Boron Equipment Dock
                                                  Ion Pulse Generator Forge Alpha