{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=J
|Faction=Xenon
|Class={{M1class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 12,323,796 }}
|Minspeed= 44.7
|Maxspeed= 89.4 
|Minaccel= 4.0
|Maxaccel= 9.0
|Minsteer= 0.5
|Maxsteer= 0.9
|Hull= 480000 / 4800000 (AP)
|Maxshield= 2 GJ
|Shieldslots= 3
|Maxshieldstrength= 6000
|Shieldreactor= 9400 
|Cargoclass= XL
|Mincargo= 8000
|Maxcargo= 8000
|Lasercap= 42500 
|Laserrecharge= 637
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Up
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Down
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay={{Dockbay|50 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}}
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
A powerful carrier in its own right, the J has more weapons than most destroyers, though not the generator to use them. It has a very wide array of weapon options however, including the powerful ammo-based Matter/Antimatter Launcher in some turrets. It is quite slow for its class, with average shielding. Despite this, it can be surprisingly difficult to kill, particularly if accompanied by a fighter or corvette wing due to its ability to cause a large amount of damage in a short period.

==Background==
The Xenon carrier is a slow, yet powerful beast. Armed with numerous turret batteries and a with a large number of fighters stored in its large hangar bay, a Xenon J is considered a major threat to any civilized sector it happens to be near. Some ships are able to escape a direct attack from a J-class ship because of its slow speed but those carriers normally carry numerous faster craft to chase down any fleeing ships.

==Physical Characteristics==

The J consists of flat, rectangular blocks strapped together with wires; this makes it resemble a connected pile of giant microchips.

== Combat ==

The J has a dangerously large amount of turrets that make it well-suited to fending off fighters and corvettes; however, the energy recharge rate is poor for its class, limiting it to carry weaker gun mounts or the ammo-based Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher. It can carry the [[Photon Pulse Cannon|PPC]] but the J's sub-par stamina makes it unsuitable to go toe-to-toe with destroyers, other carriers, or even frigates. On the bright side, the J has a generous enough cargo bay to carry missiles, so it should not be underestimated.

== Equipment ==
== Availability ==

The J can be found all over the universe in [[Xenon]] sectors, for those insane enough to try and [[boarding|pirate]] one. For those who wish to buy one, they can theoretically be purchased from the Xenon Shipyards... but as the Xenon hate everyone, it's impossible to buy one.

== Suggested Roles==
Capable of fleet support if you can capture one, the J makes for a great battle carrier due to its wide range of attacking options. A reasonably large hangar makes it lethal with a fighter wing, since it has good synergy with smaller, more agile units which complement its poor speed. Should never, like all carriers, be pitted against a destroyer. It is likely to lose. Like the K, it is incredibly cheap and quick to build at the PHQ, making it a good carrier for fleet operations.

== Headquarters Production Info ==
This ship can be reverse engineered and produced at the player Headquarters. Required materials and build time as follows:

HQ Production Materials
{| style="text-align:right;"
! Ware !! Amount
|- valign="top"
|[[Energy Cells]]||{{formatnum:5599}}
|-
|[[Teladianium]]||{{formatnum:174}}
|-
|[[Cloth Rimes]]||58
|-
|[[Rastar Oil]]||116
|-
|[[Ore]]||{{formatnum:233}}
|-
|[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]||{{formatnum:174}}
|-
|[[Crystals]]||58
|-
|[[Quantum Tubes]]||58
|-
|[[Microchips]]||58
|-
|[[Computer Components]]||58
|-
|Shipwright Fee ([[Credits]])|| {{formatnum:???}}
|-
|Build Time (game time)<bR>(hh:mm:ss)||	??:??:??
|}

== See Also==

{{M1}}
[[Category: Carrier]]