{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Kestrel
|Faction=Teladi
|Class={{M5class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Company Trader| 224611}}
|Minspeed=173.0
|Maxspeed=605.5
|Minaccel=47
|Maxaccel=165
|Minsteer=16.8
|Maxsteer=42.0
|Hull=2000 / 4000 (AP)
|Maxshield=5 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=5
|Shieldreactor= 130
|Cargoclass=M
|Mincargo=19
|Maxcargo=55
|Lasercap=1500
|Laserrecharge=37
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Kestrel Advanced
|Faction=Teladi
|Class={{M5class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=173.0
|Maxspeed=622.8
|Minaccel=55
|Maxaccel=198
|Minsteer=15
|Maxsteer=37.5
|Hull= 5000 (AP)
|Maxshield=1 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=4
|Shieldreactor= 135
|Cargoclass=M
|Mincargo=19
|Maxcargo=50
|Lasercap=1400
|Laserrecharge=39
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Kestrel
|Faction=Pirate
|Class={{M5class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=181.5
|Maxspeed=635.2
|Minaccel=61
|Maxaccel=215
|Minsteer=20.1
|Maxsteer=50.3
|Hull=3000 (AP)
|Maxshield=5 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=5
|Shieldreactor= 104
|Cargoclass=M
|Mincargo=19
|Maxcargo=52
|Lasercap=1500
|Laserrecharge=37
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The fastest buyable ship in the game, the [[Teladi]] Kestrel is a far cry from normal Teladi design philosophy and is a highly capable ship. The ship's only drawback is a tendency to smear itself over things, due to the autopilot not quite possessing the ability to correctly pilot such a fast ship.

The cigar boat of the X universe, the Kestrel is obscenely fast, not terribly maneuverable, and well-suited for smuggling contraband.  As mainstream military technology turned toward improved heavy fighters and lighter, more mobile capital ships, Teladi shipwrights saw a profit opportunity for a ship fast enough to stay clear of police patrols and, when necessary, break through military blockades.

==Background==
A departure from conventional Teladi design, the Kestrel is arguably the fastest production ship in the known universe. It may boast phenomenal acceleration but suffers from poor maneuverability.
==Variants==
===Kestrel===
{{regular}}

===Kestrel Advanced===
Not in Vanilla game files, this ship is unique in the class in that it boasts compatiblity with the [[M3]] class weapon the [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]].

===Pirate Kestrel===
Faster and more offensively minded than the standard, the [[Pirate]] take on this ship has a smaller cargobay, hampering its usefulness as a mapping ship due to less capacity for satellites. Until the introduction of the [[Arrow]] and the [[Starburst]], it was the fastest ship in the unmodified game. However, it remains the fastest armed ship, as well as the fastest ship that can use a [[jumpdrive]] and [[Scanners|Triplex Scanner]].

==Physical Characteristics==
Very much a missile with a cockpit and engines bolted on, looking very Teladi, if rather streamlined for them.

== Combat ==
The Kestrel's armament is good, with [[Particle Accelerator Cannon]] compatiblity and a rear turret. In addition, it can even carry the [[Remote Guided Warhead]] and [[Silkworm Missile]], making it even more dangerous. It is used in a wide range of roles, from light and medium fighter interception to mapping and scouting. With high shielding for its class and a small profile, it is surprisingly difficult to kill IS, making Kestrel wings potentially very lethal in combat. Its usefulness in combat OOS is also good: Due to its speed and firepower, a Kestrel is likely to defeat any opposing M5 quickly, very useful when a [[Xenon]] Migration ruins your patrol. Its cost effectiveness and power make it a favourite of its class, and a near-guaranteed buy at some point in the game.

One of the best M5s in a fight, the Kestrel can be used as a swarm fighter, reasonably cheap distraction for capital ships, an interceptor, a surveillance ship, or a combination of any of the above. A highly versatile craft, although even then it is best sent away from combat. Not that it cannot fight; the problem is it cannot fly in busy environments without crashing.

The Kestrel's high speed makes it a perfect candidate for strafing runs against slower crafts, if used correctly, and with sufficient time, it can take down even M3's. OOS, the Kestrel does not fare that well against other fighters, so it is always suggested that the Kestrel is used IS, in order to utilize it to maximum effect.

Kestrel pilots do have to beware those carrying [[Rapier Missile]]s, as they're the only missiles that can catch up to these craft and can cause reasonable damage. Fortunately, the Kestrel's rear turret can deter them from connecting with the fighter.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
|
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
|
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
Pretty much any Teladi shipyard will sell the Kestrel.

The Kestrel Advanced and Pirate Kestrel are not available for purchase.

{| style="text-align:center;"
|- style="{{Colour/Teladi}}"
! width="120px" | Variant !! [[Ceo's Sprite]] !! [[Grand Exchange]] !! [[Ianamus Zura]] !! [[Ministry of Finance]] !! [[PTNI Headquarters]] !! [[Seizewell]]
|-
! style="text-align:left;" | Kestrel ||   || x || x  || x || x || x
|}

== Suggested Roles==

Perfectly capable of mapping, scouting, ferrying passengers and any task where running away quickly is useful.

This craft is the best ship for doing the [[Follow Ship]] missions because the target you're required to follow will sometimes fly an [[M5]] vessel.

This craft can support JumpDrive permit short jump, is excellent for speed mission.

== See Also==
{{M5}}


{{Teladi Navbox}}