{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Cluster
|Faction=Kha'ak
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=57.0
|Maxspeed=57.0
|Minaccel=7
|Maxaccel=7
|Minsteer=12
|Maxsteer=12
|Hull=10000
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=75
|Shieldreactor= 300
|Cargoclass=M
|Mincargo=95
|Maxcargo=95
|Lasercap=10000
|Laserrecharge=500
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Missiles
|Guncount=3
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Kha'ak Cluster isn't a ship so much as a jump transit system. It is usually composed of at least one [[Kha'ak Fighter]] and several [[Kha'ak Interceptor|M4]] and [[Kha'ak Scout|M5]] Kha'ak ships.

When space vehicles approach the cluster it usually breaks apart and the constituent ships operate independently.

==Background==
The Kha'ak Cluster appears occasionally in random sectors in Terran Conflict as a raiding party. They frequently appear in random locations far from gates, even going so far as appearing in [[Xenon]]-controlled sectors, illustrating the Kha'ak's gateless jumpdrive capabilities.
===Encyclopedia Entry===
This ship first appeared in an assault party. The ship is made up of an [[M3|M3 Fighter]] and several smaller [[M5|M5 Scout]] craft. One theory is that the gateless jump drive this species operates needs multiple power generators to form a stable wormhole that allows for the jump into known territories, where they then split to form a wing of fighters. The tactics used suggest that its flying seems to be coordinated instead of being flown individually

==Physical Characteristics==
The Cluster displays why Kha'ak fighters are tetrahedral in shape - it is a tessellation of attached ships.
== Combat ==
The Cluster does not fight on its own, but breaks into its wing when approached. It should be considered very dangerous, as [[Alpha Kyon Emitter]]s that [[Kha'ak Scout|Scouts]] carry are very dangerous in swarms. A [[Plasma Burst Generator]] can destroy all the Scouts except the Fighter in one shot just seconds after the Cluster breaks up, so it's highly recommended that you should at least carry one. If you want to avoid dealing with the Cluster, the [[Remote Guided Warhead]], if you can get a hold of one, can one-shot it from afar due to its very good range and very high damage output, despite its lethargic speed.

== Equipment ==
Despite the game encyclopedia describing 3 missile bays, the Cluster cannot fire missiles.
The Cluster does not carry equipment of its own.
== Availability ==
The Cluster cannot be formed by the player, even if Fighters and Scouts are captured. It only appears as an enemy.
== Suggested Roles==
In the event the Cluster is available to the player via mods or otherwise, it would serve similarly to a [[TM]].
== See Also==
{{M3}}
{{M3category}}