{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Fighter
|Faction=Kha'ak
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=51.1
|Maxspeed=153.3
|Minaccel=23
|Maxaccel=71
|Minsteer=18.8
|Maxsteer=56.4
|Hull=
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=75
|Shieldreactor= 850
|Cargoclass=M
|Mincargo=95
|Maxcargo=150
|Lasercap= 10500
|Laserrecharge=262
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=3
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
A fearsome craft in previous games, the Kha'ak fighter is now little more than an unusual foe. Unless it appears in swarms, this ship's three beam weapons do not deal enough damage to be of use outside of its swarms. In swarms, such as a decoupled Kha'ak Cluster, these craft provide a deadly centrepoint for the swarm. It is of average to good speed, with typical shielding and poor cargo capacity. Its main danger (or attraction, if you can capture one) is that it rarely, if ever, misses. Inexperienced players can be killed quickly without being given a chance by this ship's accuracy. Alone, a low threat. In a group, deadly.

==Background==
Kha'ak Fighters were first seen in the initial Kha'ak assault on President's End, and ever since have been a pestilence in [[Commonwealth]] space due to their use as the core unit of a Kha'ak Cluster.

==Physical Characteristics==
Like all Kha'ak small craft, it is composed of pyramidal sections, in this case arranged in a pyramidal shape. Though, again like all Kha'ak fighters, its main body is actually vaguely cubical, the points of the pyramid coming from weapon pods upon installation. It is coloured a deep purple, with what is apparently exposed circuitry in the joints of its hull.

== Combat ==
Rarely found alone. If you are fighting the Kha'ak, always start with the most powerful ships and work downwards. For example, if a cluster decouples, the Fighter will be your most powerful foe. Kill it, and the Scouts can be picked off in less discomfort. The [[Plasma Burst Generator]] and/or flak weaponry (if you're in a large capital ship) will quickly make short work of both the Fighter and its Scout escorts.

If you somehow acquire a meaningful fleet of these, the same applies, but in reverse: Make sure it's never alone, and keep it in a well-mixed group of ships so it doesn't lose its support.

== Equipment ==
== Availability ==
Capture only, from clusters or Kha'ak sectors.

== Suggested Roles==
== See Also==
{{M3}}