<!-- source file: index__q0adb635aa7e4.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Interceptor |Faction=Kha'ak |Class={{M4class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=67 |Maxspeed=201.2 |Minaccel=35 |Maxaccel=107 |Minsteer=20.4 |Maxsteer=61.1 |Hull=2100 / 4200 (AP) |Maxshield=5 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=10 |Shieldreactor= 150 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=18 |Maxcargo=78 |Lasercap=1820 |Laserrecharge=45 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=1|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== A weak and rare M4, the interceptor is an unusual sight even within [[Kha'ak]] sectors. ==Background== The Interceptor was discovered by the first [[Commonwealth]] ships to explore Kha'ak space. Its role seems to be to intercept and destroy any intruder jumping into Kha'ak space before they can escape. It is never seen taking part in operations outside Kha'ak space, perhaps because it is unable to link into a cluster with other Kha'ak ships. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == There is little to fear from this vessel either alone or amongst other ships, as its weapon power is only twice that of the [[Kha'ak Scout]] and its speed is too low to evade attacks that will quickly destroy its fragile shields and hull. Difficult to capture and not worth the trouble. Its speed is around average for M4s. == Equipment == == Availability == The Kha'ak Interceptor is not available at any shipyard and must be [[capping|capped]] to be used. == Suggested Roles== == See Also== {{M4}}