<!-- source file: index__qab3ee0d55ca7.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Carrier |Faction=Kha'ak |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=64.6 |Maxspeed=96.9 |Minaccel=7.0 |Maxaccel=11.0 |Minsteer=0.5 |Maxsteer=0.8 |Hull=120,000 |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=8000 |Shieldreactor= 9400 |Cargoclass=ST |Mincargo=8000 |Maxcargo=8000 |Lasercap=28500 |Laserrecharge=855 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|25 [[M3+]]-[[M5]] (bugged)&lt;br> effectively 0}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Kha'ak Carrier is the Kha'ak [[M1]] class ship. Like all Kha'ak [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ships]], it is difficult to hit with missiles, as it is armed with the [[Gamma Kyon Emitter]]. It is direly lacking in firepower for this same reason, however, though its shielding is very high for the class, as is its speed. Its hangar bay actually doesn't work due to a bug - meaning its capacity for fighters is actually 0. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== When the first system was attacked, this was one of the two heavy ships observed. It is armed with 6 weapons that are visible. There have been reports of smaller class ships docking to this ship. Its function would lead us to believe that it is equivalent with a Carrier class ship, but nothing else is known at present. Upon a close scan, it appeared to have a large cargo bay. ==Physical Characteristics== Like the other large Kha'ak ships, the Carrier is insectoid with a bulbous abdomen and rotating helical legs. It is quite small as M1 class ships go. == Combat == Kha'ak Carriers can usually be found in Kha'ak sectors, however, they do occasionally make forays into Commonwealth space. When they do, the sector they end up in usually doesn't last long, as the Carrier's air group and any other supporting ships will wipe out everything in a sector very rapidly. Against capital ships of its comparative class and [[M2]] destroyers, however, the Gamma Kyon Emitters that this ship mounts are particularly ineffective against them since the time of Terran Conflict, they've been nerfed in power to the point where they no longer became the frighteningly powerful arsenal they once were in the previous games. They still can prove a threat to M7 frigates and a very major one to M6 corvettes and any fighter craft, so don't take Kha'ak Carriers lightly. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Sting]] *[[Needle]] *[[Thorn]] |} == Availability == The Kha'ak Carrier is not available to buy, nor can it be [[boarding|boarded]]. == Suggested Roles== == See Also== {{M1}} [[Category: Carrier]]