{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Corvette
|Faction=Kha'ak
|Class={{M6class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=85.4
|Maxspeed=128.1
|Minaccel=4
|Maxaccel=6
|Minsteer=3.1
|Maxsteer=4.6
|Hull=87500
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=5
|Maxshieldstrength=1000
|Shieldreactor= 2350
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=750
|Maxcargo=1050
|Lasercap=17500
|Laserrecharge=385
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=9
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Top
|Guncount=3
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Bottom
|Guncount=3
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Kha'ak Corvette is not often seen outside Khaak sectors, though it does turn up particularly during the [[Final Fury]] plot. It is not an especially powerful ship and will fall relatively easily to another Corvette. However, it is still a foe to be wary of and like most [[Kha'ak]] ships, rarely travels alone.

==Background==
Paranid long-range reconnaissance pilots recently discovered this ship in a Kha'ak sector. It was reported to be of M6-class size and configuration. Little else is known about this warship.
==Physical Characteristics==
This odd-looking ship has two hand-like wings with six purple fingernails. These hands rotate around the cockpit in full circles, regardless of whether the ship is rolling.
== Combat ==
The Kha'ak Corvette is best attacked along its ecliptic plane from behind, where it has a blind spot. It has quite heavy shields as Corvettes go, but due to its overblown size it collects incoming fire and because of its inability to hit a shadowing target it is not a particularly potent warship.

It is a decent match for other corvettes that are not agile enough to remain in the blind spot, but not the heavy M6s it resembles more. Despite a colossal laser generator on the upper end of heavy M6 territory its [[Beta Kyon Emitter]]s drain its power very quickly, leaving it with a fraction of its full power. Alone it is not much of a threat to anything with shielding in excess of 800MJ.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Sting]]
*[[Needle]]
*[[Thorn]]
|}
== Availability ==
The Kha'ak Corvette is unavailable in the [[vanilla]] game.

In Albion Prelude, the ship can be found as a random Ownerless Ship, but locations are randomized and are not necessarily placed at the start of a game. The Corvette comes with a random assortment of weapons, and given that the Kha'ak have no live spawns in Albion Prelude, there is no other way to equip the Corvette.

== Suggested Roles==
In Albion Prelude, it is at best a trophy, as it cannot be Reverse Engineered, and fully outfitting it is entirely subject to random chance.
== See Also==

{{M6}}