{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Guardian
|Faction=Kha'ak
|Class={{M1class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=0
|Maxspeed=0
|Minaccel=0
|Maxaccel=0
|Minsteer=1.8
|Maxsteer=5.5
|Hull=200000
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=2000
|Shieldreactor= 10500
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=6000
|Maxcargo=6000
|Lasercap= 100000
|Laserrecharge=2499
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=1|bke=1|gke=1|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The [[Kha'ak]] analogue to the Commonwealth weapons platform, the guardian is of low threat alone, armed with a few Gamma Kyon emitters and 2 gigajoules of shielding. In large numbers, they can become irritating or even deadly, due to their unavoidable beams. They are only found in one Kha'ak Sector, during [[Operation Final Fury]].

==Background==
===Encyclopdia Entry===
Approximate the size of a heavy fighter, the Guardian's main purpose appears to be the protection of a Kha'ak Hive. It is believed to be equipped with powerful Kyon weaponry and a datalink to the Hive, allowing its defence to be efficiently coordinated.
==Physical Characteristics==
The Guardian is spherical, with a purple shell divided into hexagons. Purple light glows around the hexagon perimeters. In several places, the shell is broken to reveal the Guardian's Kyon batteries. The holes reveal a light purple ball of energy fueling the ship.
== Combat ==
The Guardian is a defense installation, and carries missiles and lasers. Its [[Gamma Kyon Emitter]]s are lethal and accurate against smaller craft, but cannot adequately defend against larger craft before the Guardian itself is destroyed.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;" 
|
*[[Sting]]
*[[Needle]]
*[[Thorn]]
|}

== Availability ==
The Guardian is not available to the player, much like the Orbital Weapons Platforms of the Commonwealth.
== Suggested Roles==
If mods are used to acquire this ship, it makes a visually stunning static defense for the player's stations.
== See Also==

{{M1category}}