<!-- source file: index__qfb24797c9f82.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Kraken |Faction=Boron |Class={{M7Mclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 51019915}} |Minspeed=49.4 |Maxspeed=83.9 |Minaccel=7 |Maxaccel=12 |Minsteer=0.5 |Maxsteer=0.8 |Hull=1260000 |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=3000 |Shieldreactor= 14200 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=7500 |Maxcargo=8500 |Lasercap=50500 |Laserrecharge=1262 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Missileturret|Slot=Left|Lcount=4}} {{Missileturret|Slot=Right|Lcount=4}} {{Missileturret|Slot=Up|Lcount=4}} {{Missileturret|Slot=Down|Lcount=4}} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The [[Boron]] [[M7M]] is one of the two favourites in its class, along with the [[Split]] [[Cobra]] due to its good speed and huge cargobay which extend its endurance on the battlefield, while retaining some mobility (unlike the [[Teladi]] [[Gannet]] which is slower than most destroyers and turns like a brick). All [[M7M|Missile Frigates]] are considered very overpowered due to their armament: long range anti-capital torpedoes which can be fired in barrages of 8 at a time, and fast swarming anti fighter missiles. In conjunction with a [[TL]] resupply craft with spare missiles, an [[M7M]] can clear a sector and the Kraken is no exception, although it can go for longer than most without restocking. Its shield generator is on par with those of destroyers, despite its low shielding of only 3 GJ. The major drawback of the Kraken is that while it has more capacity to fit in missiles than other M7Ms save for the Teladi Gannet, it does so at the cost of having absolutely no turret coverage. Thus, the Kraken must at least have [[Flail Barrage Missile]]s in balanced conjunction with the [[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]] to prevent being harassed by enemy fighters. ==Background== The Kraken is nearly as large as an [[Argon]] [[Titan (ship)|Titan]]; this larger than average missile frigate gives the Royal Boron Navy an excellent heavy strike capability. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == The Kraken fights from across the sector; like all [[M7M]]s it has relatively weak shielding and won't last too long if an enemy [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ship]] gets close to it. To complicate matters, the Kraken does not have any turret coverage whatsoever, meaning it needs to keep a hefty supply of Flail Barrage Missiles to defend it from fighters and/or missiles. However, getting close to any M7M is a difficult proposition for any ship. == Equipment == '''Missiles''' *[[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]] *[[Flail Barrage Missile]] *[[Boarding pods]] == Availability == *[[Queen's Retribution]] == Suggested Roles== The Kraken excels as a long range launch platform, but can also be used as a boarding ship due to its compatibility with [[Boarding pods]]. == See Also== *[[Guppy|Boron Guppy]] *[[Thresher|Boron Thresher]] {{M7M}} {{Boron Navbox}}