<!-- source file: index__q60230f2c5d9c.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Kyoto |Faction=Terran |Class={{M2+class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock| Guardian of Earth|154242935}} |Minspeed=30.6 |Maxspeed=48.9 |Minaccel=5 |Maxaccel=7 |Minsteer=0.4 |Maxsteer=0.9 |Hull=6250000 (AP) |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=7 |Maxshieldstrength=14000 |Shieldreactor= 18720 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=8000 |Maxcargo=11000 |Lasercap= 525000 |Laserrecharge=10494 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Front |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=1| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Right |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=1| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Back |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Left |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=1| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Up |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot= Down |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|6 [[M3+]]-[[M5]], [[TS]] [[TP]]&lt;br>[[TM]] [[M8]] [[M6]] or [[M6+]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Kyoto is an impressive and imposing addition in Albion Prelude, it takes everything that the Osaka can do and does it better albeit at a slower pace and a hefty price tag. ==Background== Recognising the need for a more powerful capital ship that would not be controlled strictly by the AGI taskforce the United Space Command opted to develop their own super heavy destroyer to perform tasks that the ATF would not. The Kyoto is currently one of the most powerful ships in service with the Terran military. ==Physical Characteristics== The Kyoto has a long hourglass shape from above and as with many Terran ships it has a very thin profile for its size. Towards the aft the hull is tiered up to the bridge. The ship is two to three times longer than an Osaka and dwarves other ships of its class. == Combat == While having essentially the same weapon options as the Osaka, the Kyoto is a bit more unwieldy under fire, as its sheer size makes it a little more difficult to keep its turrets on target. Also, fighters attacking from the front will often be out of range of flak guns in the up and down turrets, though this can be remedied with a bit of maneuvering. Where the Kyoto shines is its ability to dock up to six medium-sized ships, including M6, M8, TP, TS and TM classes. This gives the ship tremendous flexibility in solo operations, allowing it to carry its own escort wing of corvettes, bombers, fighters or a combination of the above. Or, with superfreighters docked, the massive cargo stowage available would make it a viable fleet replenishment ship. As a bomber carrier the Kyoto is particularly lethal, as it obviates the need to dedicate precious bomber cargo space to energy cells to fuel a jump drive, thus allowing bombers to carry more missiles. == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" |+'''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Terran}}" ! Variant !! [[The Moon]] |- ! Kyoto || x || |} == Suggested Roles== Blowing stuff up! Anything that doesn't require speed. == See Also== {{M2+}} {{M2+category}} [[Category:Terran ships]] {{Terran Navbox}}