{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=L
|Faction=Xenon
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=71.7
|Maxspeed=165.0
|Minaccel=12
|Maxaccel=29
|Minsteer=29.7
|Maxsteer=68.3
|Hull=12000 / 24000 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=75
|Shieldreactor= 780
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=74
|Maxcargo=234
|Lasercap=3000
|Laserrecharge=75
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=6
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The L is most commonly found equipped with the powerful [[Pulsed Beam Emitter]]. However, it does not have the generator power to feed more than two of these weapons. When encountered, this ship can deal a serious amount of damage in a very short time, but will quickly run out of puff so isn't the most serious of threats. Also, it does not have any turrets, so players can exploit this weakness by launching missiles before it gets into firing range.

==Background==
Until recently the L was the most powerful Xenon fighter developed; it is armed with multiple lasers, and powerful shields. These ships are often seen attacking passing ships trying to take shortcuts through their sectors. Like other Xenon ships, the L has been updated in the last few years.
==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
Dogfighting in the L requires careful management of weapons energy, but otherwise, standard tactics of point and shoot make this fighter effective enough to compete respectably in a battle.

The L is slow, but like all [[Xenon]] designs, it has versatile loadout options.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==

Like all Xenon craft below M6s, the L must be capped in order to be acquired for personal use.

== Suggested Roles==

The L is not a remarkable fighter to use due to its middling energy capacity and recharge rate, and the existence of the far superior [[LX]] makes the L obsolete in any role.

== Headquarters Production Info ==
This ship can be reverse engineered and produced at the player Headquarters. Required materials and build time as follows:

HQ Production Materials
{| style="text-align:right;"
! Ware !! Amount
|- valign="top"
|[[Energy Cells]]||{{formatnum:784}}
|-
|[[Teladianium]]||{{formatnum:24}}
|-
|[[Cloth Rimes]]||8
|-
|[[Rastar Oil]]||16
|-
|[[Ore]]||{{formatnum:32}}
|-
|[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]||{{formatnum:24}}
|-
|[[Crystals]]||8
|-
|[[Quantum Tubes]]||8
|-
|[[Microchips]]||16
|-
|[[Computer Components]]||8
|-
|Shipwright Fee ([[Credits]])|| {{formatnum:231280}}
|-
|Build Time (game time)<bR>(hh:mm:ss)||	00:41:44
|}

== See Also==
* [[LX|Xenon LX]]

{{M3}}