{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Lotan
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{TS+class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Federation Guardian| 4097839}}
|Minspeed= 41.2
|Maxspeed= 65.9
|Minaccel=2
|Maxaccel=3
|Minsteer=2.0
|Maxsteer=4.0
|Hull=58000
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=200
|Shieldreactor= 3800
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=7500
|Maxcargo=15500
|Lasercap=2400
|Laserrecharge=65
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
This ship, new to Albion Prelude as of patch 3.0, is the Argon's [[TS|TS+]] class ship, with an enormous cargo bay of 15,000 units at the cost of speed. It is capable of mounting relatively heavy weapons for its class fed by the best laser generator among TS+ ships and has a competitive speed/cargo ratio, but with a 60% higher cost than the next most expensive ship in its class, it is not recommended for general use. Much like other Argon ships, it is outclassed in almost every way by its OTAS equivalent, the [[Mistral|Mistral Super Freighter]] except that it is less cumbersome to equip with shielding. However, unlike most other OTAS comparisons, the MSF is much less expensive

==Background==
With the increased demand for weapons and shields on the front lines, the Argon federation required a ship to rival that of the [[Hayabusa|Terran Hayabusa]] freighter. At first the ship was only intended for military re-supply tasks, however after many successful missions it was decided to be put into mass production in order to recover the development costs.
==Physical Characteristics==

== Combat ==
The Lotan has the heaviest laser generator of any TS+ class ship and boasts slots for up to five lasers. However, it is still not a combat vessel by any means and cannot adequately protect itself from attack.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
{| style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Availability'''
|- style="{{Colour/Argon}}"
! Variant !! [[Cloudbase South East]]
|-
! Lotan || x           
|}

== Suggested Roles==
Though the ship is extremely expensive, if one buys or captures a Lotan, it makes a good Sector or Universe trader, Commercial Agent. It is also useful as a fleet supply ship, where its speed is not a weakness when compared to the [[M1]]s or [[M2]]s it escorts.
== See Also==
{{TS+}}
{{TS+category}}
[[Category:Argon ships]]
{{Argon Navbox}}