{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=LX
|Faction=Xenon
|Class={{M3+class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=62
|Maxspeed=143
|Minaccel=9
|Maxaccel=21
|Minsteer=24
|Maxsteer=55.2
|Hull=15000 / 30000 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=100
|Shieldreactor= 1350
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=140
|Maxcargo=350
|Lasercap=9250
|Laserrecharge=231
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The LX, when equipped with the [[Pulsed Beam Emitter]], is a very dangerous foe and should not be underestimated. One of the better ships for forcing a [[bail]] on a new acquisition, after managing to capture one yourself.

When this ship first appeared to the races (X3 Reunion), they were all awestruck on how superior this M3 was compared to its own class. It was simply an extremely well designed space superiority fighter which outclassed every other ship. Players would put extreme amounts of effort to pursue LXs and attempt to destroy the AI brain so it could be captured in one piece and used by the player. However, since the starting events of the modern age (Terran Conflict), the quality of build of recently seen LXs have shown it has lost a lot of its qualities and also the other races have caught up or surpassed this design.

==Background==
Pilots brave enough to traverse Xenon space in recent months have reported sighting a strange ship, larger than a Xenon L. Defence experts have named it the LX. The ship is assumed to have a larger cargo capacity, while being only marginally less swift and agile.

==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
The LX does not suffer the [[Xenon L|L's]] lack of weapons power so greatly; it is capable of sustained fire of several PBEs for a long time. This allows it to marmalise any opponent that gets close, and it is a match for a larger opponent when flown by a competent pilot. It will generally destroy an M4 or smaller in less than two seconds of continuous fire, and although it will run out of puff before sending an opposing M3 up in flames, it does deal enough damage on the first pass to damage the enemy sufficiently to prevent his escape. And unlike the L or M, it has two turrets, one in the front and another in the rear respectively, thus making it a formidable foe for any ship short of an M7, as well as making non-swarm missile attacks difficult.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
The LX is not available to buy, and must be [[bail|capped]] in order to be used.

== Suggested Roles==
The LX is arguably the best ship for [[bail|capping]] fighters and transporters.

== Headquarters Production Info ==
This ship can be reverse engineered and produced at the player Headquarters. Required materials and build time as follows:

HQ Production Materials
{| style="text-align:right;"
! Ware !! Amount
|- valign="top"
|[[Energy Cells]]||{{formatnum:5098}}
|-
|[[Teladianium]]||{{formatnum:159}}
|-
|[[Cloth Rimes]]||53
|-
|[[Rastar Oil]]||106
|-
|[[Ore]]||{{formatnum:212}}
|-
|[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]||{{formatnum:159}}
|-
|[[Crystals]]||53
|-
|[[Quantum Tubes]]||53
|-
|[[Microchips]]||106
|-
|[[Computer Components]]||53
|-
|Shipwright Fee ([[Credits]])|| {{formatnum:1504070}}
|-
|Build Time (game time)<bR>(hh:mm:ss)||	4:31:29
|}


== See Also==
* [[L|Xenon L]]
{{M3+}}