<!-- source file: index__q15b61a3c0c5e.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=M |Faction=Xenon |Class={{M4class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=60 |Maxspeed=180.1 |Minaccel=20 |Maxaccel=62 |Minsteer=24.2 |Maxsteer=72.6 |Hull=4200 / 8400 (AP) |Maxshield=5 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=20 |Shieldreactor= 350 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=39 |Maxcargo=114 |Lasercap=1650 |Laserrecharge=41 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== Quite fast, very heavily shielded and well armed, the [[Xenon]] M is feared enough to sometimes be prioritised over its heavier brethren the [[L]]. ==Background== The Xenon M is a fighter craft that first fought in the Xenon Conflict. It was fast and lethal. Its pilots showed no sign of fear. Indeed many of these ships were used as kamikaze craft, deliberately being crashed into Argon carriers and destroyers. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == The M uses the [[PBE]] like most other Xenon ships, meaning any number of them is lethal to other fighters and, in particularly large numbers, corvettes and frigates too. Since these ships often do appear in numbers, they are a lethal adversary and trading players commonly lose freighters to these marauders. However, they are less effective [[Simulation Modeling|IS]] due to their middling laser capacitor. Another weakness of this craft is that since it is an M4, it has no turrets, making missile attacks a necessity to take it down before it gets in range with its PBE. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] | *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] | *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] | *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] |} == Availability == The Xenon M must be [[capping|capped]] in order to be used. == Suggested Roles== == Headquarters Production Info == This ship can be reverse engineered and produced at the player Headquarters. Required materials and build time as follows: HQ Production Materials {| style="text-align:right;" ! Ware !! Amount |- valign="top" |[[Energy Cells]]||{{formatnum:347}} |- |[[Teladianium]]||{{formatnum:10}} |- |[[Cloth Rimes]]||3 |- |[[Rastar Oil]]||7 |- |[[Ore]]||{{formatnum:14}} |- |[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]||{{formatnum:10}} |- |[[Crystals]]||3 |- |[[Quantum Tubes]]||3 |- |[[Microchips]]||7 |- |[[Computer Components]]||3 |- |Shipwright Fee ([[Credits]])|| {{formatnum:102601}} |- |Build Time (game time)&lt;bR>(hh:mm:ss)|| 00:24:39 |} == See Also== {{M4}}