{{See also|M2+}}


The M2 class ships are Destroyers. These are deadly ships and you should not get close to enemy M2 ships unless you are adequately prepared to combat them, or fast enough to escape.

Destroyers have 4-8 turrets to defend the ship from any side, but no 'main' weapons that can be fired from the cockpit. These turrets can be armed with deadly weapons, ranging from the light fighter [[Particle Accelerator Cannon]], to the corvette [[Concussion Impulse Generator]], to the powerful [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher]], up to the ultimate [[Photon Pulse Cannon]] and [[Ion Cannon]]. They can easily take out most ships or stations in the universe.

== Equipping ==
Super Heavy Destroyers represent enormous investments of time and resources. Equipping these ships is difficult if you rely on NPC factories to supply its lasers, as Equipment Docks carry a maximum of 2-4 of the heavy weapons Destroyers specialize in. Building your own factories to construct these weapons yourself is recommended, particularly the [[Photon Pulse Cannon]] and the [[Point Singularity Projector]], as each takes about 5 in-game hours construct, and a single Destroyer may use 24 or more of them.

==Acquiring==

The M2 class vessels are:
{|
! Purchasable !! Capturable !! Not Boardable
|- valign="top"
|
*[[Titan (ship)|Argon Titan]]
*[[Tyr|ATF Tyr]]
*[[Ray|Boron Ray]]
*[[Boreas|OTAS Boreas]]
*[[Odysseus|Paranid Odysseus]]
*[[Python|Split Python]]
*[[Phoenix|Teladi Phoenix]]
*[[Osaka|Terran Osaka]]
*[[Akuma|Yaki Akuma]]
|
*[[Brigantine|Pirate Brigantine]]
*[[K|Xenon K]]
|
*[[Kha'ak Destroyer]]
|}

== Sortable List ==

{| class="wikitable prettytable sortable" border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0" style="text-align:right;"
|+ '''M2 Destroyers'''
! Name !! Race !! Class !! Speed !! Accel !! Steering !! Hull !! Shields !! Shield Reactor !! Turrets !! Laser Cap !! Laser Rchg. !! Cargo !! [[Cargo Class]] !! Hangar !! Marines !! Price 

|-
|[[Titan (ship)|Titan]] || [[Argon]] || [[M2]] || 49 || 4 || 0.7 || 5,000,000 || 4 x 2GJ || 14,400 || 6 || 276,400 || 4,142 || 10,000 || XL || 0 || 20 || 69,283,911
|-
|[[Tyr]] || [[ATF]] || [[M2]] || 64 || 8 || 1.0 || 4,000,000 || 6 x 2GJ || 15,000 || 6 || 450,000 || 7,999 || 8,000 || XL || 0 || 20 || 95,666,676
|-
|[[Boreas]] || [[OTAS]] || [[M2]] || 63 || 7 || 0.9 || 4,000,000 || 5 x 2GJ || 15,840 || 6 || 300,000 || 4,500 || 8,500 || XL || 0 || 20 || 91,097,441
|-
|[[Ray]] || [[Boron]] || [[M2]] || 57.4 || 6 || 0.7 || 4,500,000 || 4 x 2GJ || 14,200 || 6 || 248,800 || 3,728 || 11,000 || XL || 0 || 20 || 86,438,545
|-
|[[Odysseus]] || [[Paranid]] || [[M2]] || 51.6 || 5 || 0.7 || 4,000,000 || 4 x 2GJ || 12,400 || 6 || 304,000 || 4,555 || 8,000 || XL || 0 || 20 || 104,924,277
|-
|[[Python]] || [[Split]] || [[M2]] || 69.3 || 9 || 0.7 || 4,000,000 || 4 x 2GJ || 14,400 || 6 || 331,600 || 4,969 || 7,700 || XL || 0 || 20 || 92,600,480
|-
|[[Phoenix]] || [[Teladi]] || [[M2]] || 40.7 || 4 || 0.5 || 6,000,000 || 5 x 2GJ || 8,000 || 6 || 276,400 || 4,142 || 13,000 || XL || 0 || 20 || 69,283,911
|-
|[[Osaka]] || [[Terran]] || [[M2]] || 54 || 7 || 0.9 || 4,250,000 || 6 x 2GJ || 18,720 || 6 || 450,000 || 8,720 || 10,000 || XL || 0 || 20 || 74,774,047
|-
|[[Brigantine]] || [[Pirate]] || [[M2]] || 51.8 || 5 || 0.8 || 3,750,000 || 3 x 2GJ || 11,520 || 6 || 276,400 || 4,142 || 9,500 || XL || 0 || || Unknown
|-
|[[Akuma]] || [[Yaki]] || [[M2]] || 67.2 || 8 || 0.6 || 3,500,000 || 3 x 2GJ || 14,400 || 6 || 280,000 || 3,999 || 9,000 || XL || 0 || 20 || 108,187,931
|-
|[[Kha'ak Destroyer]] || [[Kha'ak]] || [[M2]] || 62.4 || 8 || 0.7 || 1,620,000 || 5 x 2GJ || 7,100 || 6 || 345,600 || 5,179 || 7,000 || ST || 0  || || Not Purchasable
|-
|[[K]] || [[Xenon]] || [[M2]] || 54.4 || 6 || 1 || 6,000,000 || 4 x 2GJ || 5,000 || 6 || 220,800 || 3,312 || 5,000 || XL || 0 ||  || Not Purchasable
|-
|}

== See Also ==

{{M2}}

{{M2category}}