<!-- source file: index__q0757f53511b6.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Maccana |Faction=Terran |Class={{M7Cclass}} |Priceblock={{priceblock||17299092}} |Minspeed=81.2 |Maxspeed=130.0 |Minaccel=4 |Maxaccel=6 |Minsteer=1.0 |Maxsteer=1.5 |Hull=180000 |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=1 |Maxshieldstrength=1000 |Shieldreactor= 1,700 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=4500 |Maxcargo=5500 |Lasercap=16,000 |Laserrecharge=600 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|10 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Maccana is new to Albion Prelude and represents the Terran entry in the new M7C class of ship, known in-game as Drone Carriers or colloquially as Carrier Frigates. ==Background== After public objections to the number of pilots' lives lost in skirmishes against pirates and AGI, the Terran Federation commissioned a new drone frigate design for military use. The Maccana is a semi-automated vessel, allowing for a much smaller crew contingent than other Terran vessels of its size. Its greatest advantage however is the completely automated drone maintenance line, which requires only four overseers. The development of the Maccana is still ongoing, but successful test versions have already been released to the general market, as field tests have proved them to be essentially safe and stable. ==Physical Characteristics== The Maccana is pictured in one of the loading screens of Albion Prelude. It is long and flat, with two long and thin extensions in front of the cockpit, like a catamaran. == Combat == Like other M7Cs, the Maccana is best at force projection, lacking the strong firepower or heavy shielding to represent a threat in itself. Unlike most ships of its class, but typical to Terran designs, it lacks the ability to carry effective heavy anti-fighter weaponry such as the [[Cluster Flak Array]] or the [[Concussion Impulse Generator]]. It is strictly limited to using the [[EMPC]], which, although energy efficient are unusually weak and ineffective defense weapons for a ship of its size. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wraith Missile]] *[[Poltergeist Missile]] *[[Spectre Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="background-color:lightblue;" ! Variant !! [[Saturn]] !! [[The Moon]] |- ! Maccana || x || x || |} == Suggested Roles== == See Also== * [[Yokohama|Terran Yokohama]] {{M7C}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Terran Navbox}}