{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Magnetar
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{TMclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 438338 }}
|Minspeed=55
|Maxspeed=110 
|Minaccel=6
|Maxaccel=12
|Minsteer=1.8
|Maxsteer=3.6
|Hull=21000
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=400
|Shieldreactor= 1000 
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=1000
|Maxcargo=1500
|Lasercap= 850 
|Laserrecharge=34
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Turret Front
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Turret Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay={{Dockbay|4 {{Fighterdock}}}}
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The '''Magnetar''' is a good all-round armoured transport, that whilst half the size of a [[TS]]-class freighter has ten times the survivability.

==Background==
The [[Argon]] [[TM|military transport]], Magnetar, was designed to be able to quickly deploy and retrieve a small number of fighters.  This adds considerable flexibility to Argon fleet operations, providing fighter cover wherever it is needed most.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Magnetar, like almost all [[TM]]s, is based on the race's freighter, which in the case of the [[Argon]] is the [[Mercury]]:  the ships' helmet-like bows and boxy sterns are identical.  Cargo storage has been removed and small fighter docking bays installed.

== Combat ==
The Magnetar has two hardpoints in each of two turrets, however the weapon generator does not have enough puff to keep firing nearly that many weapons continuously. The Magnetar is not an offensive craft, nevertheless it is quite capable of defending itself and will brush off attacks from [[M4+|light fighters]] and [[M4|interceptors]] without escort. The real punch of the Magnetar comes from the fact that it is capable of launching four heavy fighters at a target, which is enough to be a problem even to a [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ship]].

== Equipment ==
{|
|+'''Missiles'''
|-
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
The Magnetar is available at the [[Argon Federal Shipyard]]s in [[Argon Prime]], [[Argon Sector M148|M148]], [[Light of Heart]], and [[Omicron Lyrae]].

== Suggested Roles==
The Magnetar, like all TMs, is good in several roles. In combat it is mostly used as a cheap [[jumpdrive]]-equipped support ship to move fighters around without the latter having to swap [[Missiles|ordinance]] for jump fuel. It also does well in armoured transport roles for high-tech goods, and as a [[Traders|Sector Trader]] or [[Traders|Universe Trader]].

== See Also==
{{TM}}
[[Category: Carrier]]
{{Argon Navbox}}