{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Manta
|Faction=Boron
|Class={{TPclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 638110}}
|Minspeed=36.6
|Maxspeed=109.9
|Minaccel=2
|Maxaccel=8
|Minsteer=1.9
|Maxsteer=5.7
|Hull= 54,000
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=50
|Shieldreactor= 450
|Cargoclass=M
|Mincargo=1000
|Maxcargo=1000
|Lasercap=400
|Laserrecharge=4
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=
|Guncount=0
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Manta Hauler
|Faction=Boron
|Class={{TPclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 1449925}}
|Minspeed=40.3
|Maxspeed=120.9
|Minaccel=3
|Maxaccel=9
|Minsteer=2.0
|Maxsteer=6.0
|Hull= 18540 / 55620 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=50
|Shieldreactor= 450
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=1150
|Maxcargo=1150
|Lasercap=400
|Laserrecharge=4
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=
|Guncount=0
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Manta is slow and lightly fortified, but its large cargobay gives it some use in niche applications. It is primarily useful for [[marine]] transport or for use in Luxury Transport missions that require a [[TP]] class ship.
==Background==
The Manta used to be used for royal service only, transporting important personnel from one sector to another. But now the ship has been downgraded to carry passengers between systems. The ship itself is large enough to carry many people, equipped with state of the art entertainment systems and comfortable seating to give the passengers a safe journey. It is also able to carry a certain amount of laser weaponry for defense.
==Variants==
===Manta===
The standard Manta.
===Manta Hauler===
The Manta Hauler is 11 m/s faster than the standard Manta and has a larger cargo bay, but costs over twice what the standard Manta does.
==Physical Characteristics==
The Manta looks like a longer, more luxurious [[Dolphin]].
== Combat ==
Contrary to the in-game description, the Manta cannot mount even a single laser for defense. Keep it away from combat.
== Equipment ==
'''Built-In Equipment'''
*[[Cargo Lifesupport System]]

'''Missiles'''
{|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
|
*[[Aurora Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
{| style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Availability'''
|- style="{{Colour/Boron}}"
! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !! [[Great Reef]] !! [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]]
|-
! Manta ||  || x || x || x ||  || x
|-
! Manta Hauler || x ||  ||  ||  || x || x
|}
== Suggested Roles==
The Manta is useful for [[Marine]] transport or Passenger Transport missions, but is not useful for much else
== See Also==

{{TP}}
{{TPcategory}}
[[Category:Boron ships]]
{{Boron Navbox}}