{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox ware
|ware= Meatsteak Cahoonas
|cargoclass=M
|volume=5
|minprice=34
|aveprice=72
|maxprice=110
}}
{{Infobox close}}

== Overview ==

Argon meatsteaks are traded throughout the universe. They provide a nutritious meat based food suitable for most types of races. Some races prefer to use Argon meatsteaks in conjuncture with different Boron spices. It is traded in blocks known as Cahoonas.

== Commentary ==
This product is produced at the Argon [[Cahoona Bakery M]] and [[Cahoona Bakery L]]
Cahoonas are the [[Argon]]'s main food product. because of this they are required by many Argon factories as a primary resource.

==Trading information==
{| border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="2"
|- valign="top"
! scope="row"| Produced by; 
|
*[[Cahoona Bakery M]]
*[[Cahoona Bakery L]]

|- valign="top"
! scope="row"|Primary Resource at 
|
{|
|+'''Argon Factories'''
|- valign="top"
|
*[[Crystal Fab M]]
*[[Crystal Fab L]]
*[[Quantum Tube Fab]]
*[[Chip Plant]]
*[[Computer Plant]]
*[[Lasertower Factory]]
*[[Drone Factory]]
*[[Advanced Drone Factory]]
*[[Heavy Weapons Complex]]
*[[Mass Driver Forge]]
*[[High Yield Production Complex]]
*[[Mobile Drilling System Factory]]
|
*[[Tracker Mine Factory]]
*[[Satellite Factory]]
*[[Advanced Satellite Factory]]
*[[Ammunition Factory]]
*[[Impulse Ray Emitter Forge]]
*[[Particle Accelerator Cannon Forge]]
*[[High Energy Plasma Thrower Forge]]
*[[Concussion Impulse Generator Forge]]
*[[Light Shield Production Complex]]
*[[Medium Shield Production Complex]]
*[[Image Recognition Production Complex]]
|
*[[Photon Pulse Cannon Forge]]
*[[Cluster Flak Array Forge]]
*[[Phased Repeater Gun Forge]]
*[[Shield Prod. Facility 1 MJ]]
*[[Shield Prod. Fac. 200 MJ]]
*[[Shield Prod. Facility 2 GJ]]
*[[Mosquito Missile Factory]]
*[[Wasp Missile Factory]]
*[[Light Weapons Complex]]
*[[Medium Weapons Complex]]
*[[Seeker Missile Production Complex]]
|
*[[Silkworm Missile Factory]]
*[[Firefly Missile Factory]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo Factory]]
*[[Low-yield Sidearms Fab]]
*[[Tomahawk Missile Manufacturing Plant]]
*[[Hammer Torpedo Fabrication Facility]]
*[[Flail Missile Production Facility]]
*[[Heavy Shield Production Complex]]
*[[Marine Training Barracks]]
*[[Dumbfire Missile Production Complex]]
*[[Swarm Missile Production Complex]]
|}

|- valign="top"
! scope="row"|Secondary Resource at 
|

|- valign="top"
! scope="row"|Traded at
|
*List of Trading Stations where this ware is traded (sector only)

|}

{{Warecategory}}
{{Waretable}}
{{Argon Navbox}}