{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Minotaur
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{M7Mclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 50.333.548}}
|Minspeed=41.1
|Maxspeed=69.90
|Minaccel=5
|Maxaccel=8
|Minsteer=0.5
|Maxsteer=0.9
|Hull=1400000
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=3000
|Shieldreactor=14400
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=4300
|Maxcargo=8000
|Lasercap=50500
|Laserrecharge=1262
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Missileturret|Lcount=4|Slot=Left}}
{{Missileturret|Lcount=8|Slot=Front}}
{{Missileturret|Lcount=4|Slot=Right}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Minotaur is a distinctly average missile frigate, and is not frequently employed. As with most Argon ships the Minotaur represents the base-line of comparison, in this case to other M7Ms.

==Background==
Sporting a large array of launchers, the Minotaur is a swift and powerful ship, excelling in 'hit and run' tactics.

==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
The Minotaur has no real weaknesses to exploit,but also no particular strengths to draw on other than being a missile frigate. Like all missile frigates, it fights by launching barrages of warheads at all targets in sensor range, keeping them from getting close enough to engage in a close-range fight that the Minotaur will likely lose.

== Equipment ==
The Minotaur can fit the following missiles in its missile turrets:
*[[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]]
*[[Flail Barrage Missile]]
*[[Boarding Pods]]

== Availability ==
*[[Cloudbase South East]]
*[[Legend's Home]]

== Suggested Roles==
As a [[M7M]], the Minotaur is an effective long range artillery ship capable of destroying any opponent. Able to mount boarding pods the Minotaur can also be employed as a boarding ship. Unfortunately there is almost no reason to choose this ship over the Boron Kraken, which is significantly faster, has equivalent shielding and sports a larger cargo bay.

As any Missile frigate, the Minotaur, when fielded with a full complement of missiles, is an instant "I Win" button

== See Also==
*[[Cerberus|Argon Cerberus]]
*[[Griffon|Argon Griffon]]
{{M7M}}
{{Argon Navbox}}