{{See also|Weapons}}

==Overview==
Missiles are expendable munitions.

Most attack missiles and torpedoes detonate to cause damage to shields and hulls.  Their primary purpose, to distinguish themselves from energy [[weapons]], is that they consume much more space and functionally cost you money to attack, but compensate by being capable of inflicting far more damage in a given period of time than a regular weapon can.  A good many types of missiles cannot be bought at all, and must be hoarded from enemy kills, making them more precious as a weapon, or else simply sellable loot from a kill.  Many powerful missiles and torpedoes have ranges far greater than normal lasers, making them capable of being used from "safe" ranges where a smaller ship would be vaporized by capital ship fire if they traveled into standard weapons range.  

This means missiles have a large role in [[Combat#Combat_strategy|combat strategy]], as it gives weaker ships a chance to kill stronger ships, if they are willing to sacrifice money or rare loot, or simply have the [[Stations|missile complexes]] to buy victory.

[[Boarding pods]] are a "missile" which delivers marines from the firing ship to the target.

Attack missiles have a variety of properties.<bR>
'''Damage yield''' is the amount of damage inflicted on targets within the '''Area of Effect'''.<br>
'''Range''' describes how far the missile can travel, generally you want to launch at targets well within range to compensate for target movement.<br>
'''Speed''' describes how quickly it moves towards a target.<br>
'''Cooldown''' describes how much time the launcher takes between firings to prepare the next launch.<br>
'''Seeker''' determines how the missile acquires targets and when it may be fired: '''Targetted''', requiring a target prior to launch or '''Autonomous''' which relies on the missile's onboard systems.<br>
'''Swarming''' refers simply to missiles which release multiple warheads. There are always eight '''warheads''' released. Note: warhead behavior is detailed in other columns such as dumbfire, heat-seeking, etc.<br>
'''Guidance''' determines how a missile tracks and follows targets: '''Heat seeking''' missiles will attempt to attack the nearest warm target, '''Image Recognition''' or '''Standard Guidance''' will follow a specific target primarily based on its appearance, '''Dumb-fire''' have no guidance at all and will travel in direction of launch without maneuvering relying on the pilot's intuition of target movement.<br>
'''Fusing''' controls detonation, most missiles detonate when they '''impact''' a target. '''Proximity fusing''' will detonate when the missiles gets close enough to the target, generally once it's already missed impact and is getting farther away. A few missiles may be '''Manually Triggered''' to detonate remotely, also known as '''synaptic triggering'''.<br>
Some missiles have extremely powerful detonations which affect large areas the size of this influence is noted by '''Area of Effect'''.<br>

==Table of Missiles==
{| class="prettytable wikitable sortable" border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0"

!Name !!Damage !! Range (Km)!! Speed (m/s) !! Swarm !! Requires target !! Guidance Type !!Fusing !!Race !!Ship Type!!Producing Race

|-
| [[Banshee Missile]] ||74,000||14.814 ||153 ||no ||yes ||standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||[[M1]]-[[M2]] [[M6]]-[[M7]]||none
|-
| [[Tomahawk Heavy Missile]] ||625,000||43.1 ||196 ||no || || standard || impact||[[Commonwealth]]||[[M8]]
|-
| [[Hornet Missile]] ||200,000||31.2 ||186 ||no ||yes || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||[[M1]]-[[M2]] [[M6]]-[[M7]]<sup>1</sup>
|-
| [[Thorn]] ||15,000||17.777 ||158 ||no ||yes || standard ||proximity||[[Kha'ak]]||[[M1]]-[[M3]] [[M6]]||none
|-
| [[Typhoon Missile]] ||240,000||74.8 ||195 ||yes ||yes || standard ||impact||All||[[M1]]-[[M2]] [[M6]]-[[M7]]<sup>1</sup>
|-
| [[Firestorm Torpedo]] ||1,000,000||99.0 ||165 ||no || || standard ||impact||All||[[M1]]-[[M2]] [[M6]]-[[M7]]<sup>1</sup>
|-
| [[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]] ||300,000||75.9 ||253 ||no || || standard ||proximity||[[Commonwealth]]||[[M7M]]
|-
| [[Flail Barrage Missile]] ||40,000||58.3 ||486 ||yes || || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||[[M7M]]
|-
| [[Boarding pods]] ||0||76.8 ||480 ||no ||yes ||standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||[[M7]]
|-
| [[Poltergeist Missile]] ||12,000||12.5 ||250 ||yes || || standard ||impact||[[Terran]] [[Xenon]]||All||[[Terran]]
|-
| [[Wraith Missile]] ||1,000,000||51.0 ||170 ||yes ||yes|| heat seeker ||proximity||[[Terran]] [[Xenon]]||[[M1]]-[[M2]] [[M6]]-[[M7]]||[[Terran]]
|-
| [[Spectre Missile]] ||260,000||24.1 ||228 ||no ||yes ||heat seeker ||proximity||[[Terran]] [[Xenon]]||[[M1]]-[[M3]] [[M6]]-[[M7]]||[[Terran]]
|-
| [[Shadow Missile]] ||560,000||80.8 ||245 ||yes || ||standard ||proximity||[[Terran]]||[[Skirnir]]||[[Terran]]
|-
| [[Ghoul Missile]] ||52,000||56.2 ||450 ||yes || || standard||impact||[[Terran]]||[[Skirnir]]||[[Terran]]
|-
| [[Phantom Missile]] ||650,000||53.0 ||212 ||no || ||standard ||proximity||[[Terran]]||[[M8]]||[[Terran]]
|-
| [[Sting]] ||4,000||39.9 ||257 ||no ||yes || standard ||proximity||[[Kha'ak]]||[[M5]]-[[M3]]||none
|-
| [[Needle]] ||7,400||26.6 ||174 ||no ||yes || standard ||proximity||[[Kha'ak]]||[[M4]]-[[M3]]||none
|-
| [[Windstalker Missile]] ||30,000||22.2 ||179 ||no ||no ||dumbfire ||synaptic||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|-
| [[Wildfire Missile]] ||15,000||33.3 ||246 ||no ||no || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|-
| [[Disruptor Missile]] ||6,000||39.9 ||514 ||no ||yes || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|-
| [[Hammerhead Missile]] ||1,200,000||86.0 ||172 ||no ||yes || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|-
| [[Beluga Missile]] ||100,000||89.9 ||211 ||no ||yes || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|-
| [[Remote Guided Warhead]] ||100,000||79.9 ||142 ||no || || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|-
| [[Firefly Missile]] ||1,500||24.9 ||576 ||no ||no ||dumbfire ||proximity||[[Commonwealth]]||All
|-
| [[Thunderbolt Missile]] ||75,000||78.0 ||195 ||no ||yes ||heat seeker ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All||[[Split]]
|-
| [[Aurora Missile]] ||8,000||18.7 ||589 ||no ||no ||dumbfire ||synaptic||[[Commonwealth]]||All||[[Paranid]]
|-
| [[Tornado Missile]] ||400,000||24.9 ||312 ||yes ||no ||dumbfire ||proximity||[[Commonwealth]]||All||[[Split]]
|-
| [[Cyclone Missile]] ||23,000||59.9 ||148 ||no ||yes || standard ||proximity||[[Commonwealth]]||All||[[Boron]]
|-
| [[Tempest Missile]] ||60,000||62.4 ||195 ||no ||no || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All
|-
| [[Hurricane Missile]] ||6,000||29.9 ||471 ||no ||yes || standard ||proximity||[[Commonwealth]]||All||[[Paranid]]
|-
| [[Silkworm Missile]] ||19,000||28.4 ||190 ||no ||yes || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All
|-
| [[Mosquito Missile]] ||200||14.6 ||590 ||no ||yes || standard ||impact||All||All
|-
| [[Firelance Missile]] ||4,500||49.9 ||500 ||no ||no ||dumbfire ||proximity||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|- 
| [[Wasp Missile]] ||8,000||18.1 ||560 ||yes ||yes || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All
|-
| [[Rapier Missile]] ||1,000||99.9 ||657 ||no ||yes || standard ||impact||[[Commonwealth]]||All||none
|-
| [[Dragonfly Missile]] ||5,000||18.7 ||250 ||no ||yes || standard ||proximity||[[Commonwealth]]||All
|}
Note 1: The [[Medusa|Medusa Prototype]] [[M3]]-class fighter can also launch these Corvette-class missiles.

==Note==
#M8s and M7Ms are not normally included in "All" because they have a "Specific" missile. (Besides Mosquito)
#M5s are not usually included in "All" and normally use Mosquito missiles or low-yield Terran missiles.
#Commonwealth includes Yaki and Xenon, since they do not have specific race-based missiles. However, Xenons supports almost every single missile in the game besides Kha'ak missiles.
#the "Producing race = none" means that it's super rare and is not producible by ANY factory.
# Blank "Producing race" means that the Commonwealth make the missile.

== See Also ==
*[[Weapons]]
*[[Boarding]]
*{{M7Mclass}}
*{{M8class}}

{{Missile Navbox}}