{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=N
|Faction=Xenon
|Class={{M5class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=120.2
|Maxspeed=360.7
|Minaccel=47
|Maxaccel=142
|Minsteer=26.8
|Maxsteer=80.5
|Hull=1200 / 2400 (AP)
|Maxshield=1 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=2
|Shieldreactor= 70
|Cargoclass=S
|Mincargo=12
|Maxcargo=62
|Lasercap=800
|Laserrecharge=20
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=4
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
A dangerous M5 to combat due to its tendency to appear in swarms with other [[Xenon]] craft. It packs [[Particle Accelerator Cannon]]s, which are a powerful weapon against most foes.

==Background==
The N is considered to be a short-range scout ship of the Xenon. It is only lightly armed but very fast. A forerunner of this ship fought in the Xenon conflict, but its participation was not considered to be great.

==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
As M5s go the N packs a punch. However, turn the gun on it and you also find that it gets vaporised by a clip round the ear. Not an effective combat vessel on its own, and serves little more than to distract patrol ships from the real threats in [[Xenon]] task forces. Certain missiles like the [[Rapier Missile|Rapier]], [[Wasp Missile|Wasp]], [[Disruptor Missile|Disruptor]], and the [[Hurricane Missile|Hurricane]] can make short work of an N in no time.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
|
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
As with all [[Xenon]] ships, the N must be [[capping|capped]] to be used.

== Suggested Roles==

== Headquarters Production Info ==
This ship can be reverse engineered and produced at the player Headquarters. Required materials and build time as follows:

HQ Production Materials
{| style="text-align:right;"
! Ware !! Amount
|- valign="top"
|[[Energy Cells]]||{{formatnum:32}}
|-
|[[Teladianium]]||{{formatnum:1}}
|-
|[[Cloth Rimes]]||0
|-
|[[Rastar Oil]]||0
|-
|[[Ore]]||{{formatnum:1}}
|-
|[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]||{{formatnum:1}}
|-
|[[Crystals]]||1
|-
|[[Quantum Tubes]]||0
|-
|[[Microchips]]||0
|-
|[[Computer Components]]||0
|-
|Shipwright Fee ([[Credits]])|| {{formatnum:9609}}
|-
|Build Time (game time)<bR>(hh:mm:ss)||	00:02:53
|}

== See Also==
{{M5}}
{{M5category}}