<!-- source file: index__q3ac07b4db5de.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Ocelot |Faction=Split |Class={{TPclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock||1324080}} |Minspeed=103.0 |Maxspeed=206.0 |Minaccel=6 |Maxaccel=12 |Minsteer=2.8 |Maxsteer=7.8 |Hull= 57,500 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=75 |Shieldreactor= 700 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=350 |Maxcargo=850 |Lasercap=1400 |Laserrecharge=16 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Ocelot is a Split TP ship introduced in Albion Prelude. It is the fastest TP in Albion Prelude bar none, making it ideal for an entrepreneurial player looking to make large amounts of money through Passenger Transport missions. ==Background== The Ocelot is a fast, sleek and aggressive luxury cruiser. Initially designed to serve as a fleet coordination and recon corvette, the need for such a small vessel in current Split military operations proved infinitely small. in order to avoid losing out on governmental funding, the design team quickly re-modeled the interior to accommodate several luxury suites and released the design to the general public. ==Physical Characteristics== The Ocelot looks like a cross between a [[Caiman]] and an M3 Fighter, befitting its original concept as an M6. == Combat == The Ocelot is fast and can mount 8 guns in its main bay. While it lacks a laser generator to speak of, using 8 [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]]s can prove surprisingly deadly to would-be aggressors. == Equipment == '''Built-In Equipment''' *[[Cargo Life Support System]] '''Missiles''' {|- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] | *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" |+'''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Split}}" ! Variant !! [[Family Rhy]] !! [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] !! [[Rhonkar's Might]] !! [[Rhonkar's Trial]] !! [[Zyarth's Stand]] |- ! Ocelot || x || x || x || x || x |} == Suggested Roles== The Ocelot is the single fastest [[TP]] in Albion Prelude, making it an excellent choice for use as a player ship for Passenger Transport missions. It is also useful for [[Marine]] transport and storage. == See Also== {{TP}} {{TPcategory}} [[Category:Split ships]] {{Split Navbox}}