<!-- source file: index__qce58fb2adfb8.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Odin |Faction=ATF |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock={{priceblock||67891874}} |Minspeed= 42.5 |Maxspeed= 85 |Minaccel=4 |Maxaccel=8 |Minsteer= 0.43 |Maxsteer= 0.86 |Hull=160,000 (TC) / 1,600,000 (AP) |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=5 |Maxshieldstrength=10000 |Shieldreactor= 8500 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=12000 |Maxcargo=12500 |Lasercap= 105000 |Laserrecharge=1575 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=1| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=1| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Top |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Bottom |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|44 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== An extremely impressive carrier craft, the Odin is the [[ATF]] staple [[M1]] and boasts large shields, above average weaponry and generally good stats. With a large cargobay for supplies, it is a good mothership and larger than average laser generators can easily power its large arrays of [[Point Singularity Projector]]s and [[Starburst Shockwave Cannon]]s. However, it is hampered by a below average fighter capacity, whose numbers put it in league with the Paranid [[Zeus]] and the Boron [[Shark]]. ==Background== The Odin is the primary Earth Fleet Battlecruiser class, armed with advanced weaponry and fighter bays. It was designed to be a mobile base to serve Earth Fleet operations within the Sol system. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == One of the more useful carriers due to its shielding and armament, the Odin can hold its own against some destroyers, and is very powerful in conjunction with a fighter wing. It is not, however, invincible, and should be controlled with care, being a very valuable asset. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- | *[[Poltergeist Missile]] *[[Spectre Missile]] *[[Wraith Missile]] |} == Availability == The Odin is not available for sale in Terran Conflict. However you can purchase it from the Moon shipyard in Albion Prelude. == Suggested Roles== Ingame it is described as a Battlecruiser, and this is true: It can hold its own in direct combat and bring a fighter wing along too. Therefore, in almost any combat role it excels, from mothership to patrol leader. Sadly though, fighters have a tendency to crash into the large engine blocks while IS when launching or landing, limiting the effectiveness of one of (if not the) most useful M1s in the game. == See Also== {{M1}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{ATF Navbox}}