<!-- source file: index__q43999c8178ec.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Orbital Weapon Platform L |Faction=Standard |SuppressAutoCat=yes |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=0 |Maxspeed=0 |Minaccel=0 |Maxaccel=0 |Minsteer=0.5 |Maxsteer=0.5 |Hull= |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=6000 |Shieldreactor= 10500 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo= |Maxcargo=9000 |Lasercap=165000 |Laserrecharge=3598 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=10 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=10 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=10 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=10 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|3 {{Fighterdock}}}} }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Orbital Weapon Platform M |Faction=Standard |SuppressAutoCat=yes |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=0 |Maxspeed=0 |Minaccel=0 |Maxaccel=0 |Minsteer=0.5 |Maxsteer=0.5 |Hull= |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=3000 |Shieldreactor= 7000 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo= |Maxcargo=6000 |Lasercap=140000 |Laserrecharge=3999 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Orbital Weapon Platform S |Faction=Standard |SuppressAutoCat=yes |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=0 |Maxspeed=0 |Minaccel=0 |Maxaccel=0 |Minsteer=0.6 |Maxsteer=0.6 |Hull= |Maxshield=1 GJ |Shieldslots=1 |Maxshieldstrength=1000 |Shieldreactor= 6000 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo= |Maxcargo=5000 |Lasercap=120000 |Laserrecharge=3437 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== Listed as {{M1class}}s, Orbital Weapons Platforms most resemble stations instead of ships. Of the three, the L variant even permits limited docking. In the in-game encyclopaedia, they are categorized as "Special Ships", alongside the likes of the [[Space Suit]]. ==Background== The three encyclopedia entries are as follows: ===Large=== This Large Orbital Weapons Platform boasts a large number of weapons and heavy shielding, making it the most powerful option available for orbital security of stations and sectors. ===Medium=== The medium-sized Orbital Weapons Platform provides moderate levels of protection to nearby space. These weapons platforms are ideal for deploying along trade routes to cover maximum space for minimum cost. ===Small=== The Argon Small Orbital Weapons Platform provides total orbital defense capabilities over and above that provided by a single weapon Lasertower. It is mostly effective against smaller ships, especially fighters. ==Physical Characteristics== Each looks very much like a space station, with angular overhangs for the weapons. == Combat == Though equipped with many weapon mounts, orbital Weapons Platforms cannot generally defeat capital class opponents. They are, however, extremely potent against fighters and corvettes. Though they have [[IBL]] compatibility, none are ever seen using them, being limited to the inferior [[CIG]]. == Equipment == *Built-In Equipment **Fight Command Software Mk1 **Triplex Scanner **Fight Command Software Mk2 == Availability == While normally unavailable to the player, when first introduced by the [[X3: Reunion#XTM Mod|X-Tended Mod]] for [[X3: Reunion]], they were purchasable by the player in the different faction's [[Shipyards#Super Shipyards|Super Shipyards]]. == Suggested Roles== Though unavailable to the player, the OWP could be used in the role of a homebase for a patrol wing or as an early warning device to attract enemy attention away from valuable and vulnerable stations. == See Also== * [[Recon Drone]] * [[Freight Drone]] * [[Fighter Drone]] * [[Fighter Drone MKII]] * [[Navigation Relay Satellite]] {{Specialshipscategory}}