{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Orca
|Faction=Boron
|Class={{TLclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock||22.344.668}}
|Minspeed=73.90
|Maxspeed=110.80
|Minaccel=4
|Maxaccel=6
|Minsteer=0.3
|Maxsteer=0.5
|Hull=
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=5
|Maxshieldstrength=1000
|Shieldreactor= 3800
|Cargoclass=ST
|Mincargo=50000
|Maxcargo=50000
|Lasercap=15300
|Laserrecharge=153
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay={{Dockbay|10 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}}
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Boron TL is considered a faster version of the Argon Mammoth in usage, with a respectable cargo capacity and similar pricing.  

As with all TL class ships, it is terribly undershielded, and liable to explode upon exiting a gate when anything larger than a corvette is ahead of it. Of course, the Orca's large size even when compared to other TLs exacerbates this problem.

A common issue with the Orca is its width in the rear area; it is actually wider than it appears when piloting it, so caution must be taken to steer clearly of other ships, gates, and stations, in order to avoid collisions.

==Background==
The Boron Orca is a heavy-duty transporter craft, fractionally bigger than the Argon Mammoth. It cannot dock directly at a space station and has to rely on a relay of smaller ships to ferry cargo backwards and forwards to it. Despite looking cumbersome the Orca is maneuverable and is slightly faster than the Argon Mammoth. Many of these ships are privately owned and it is possible to hire them - for a price.

==Physical Characteristics==
It has a similar shape to other Boron big ships such as the Shark, although its rear section is slightly wider than that of the others.
== Combat ==
Like all TLs the Orca can defend itself when attacked by [[:Category:fighters|fighters]], but not larger ships.

== Equipment ==
== Availability ==

=== For Sale at Known Shipyards ===

* [[Kingdom End]]
* [[Depths Of Silence]]
* [[Great Reef]]
* [[Lucky Planets]]
* [[Queen's Retribution]]
* [[Ocean of Fantasy]]



== Suggested Roles==
== See Also==
{{TL}}
[[Category: Carrier]]
{{Boron Navbox}}