<!-- source file: index__qaa6fecc44c1c.html -->

{{Infobox Faction |Faction=Optimised Technology, &lt;br/> Armaments and Shielding &lt;br/> Corporation |Speciestype=[[Argon]]-allied |Homeworld=[[Legend's Home]] |Systems=1 |Population= |Government=Corporation |Ranks= {{Rank List|OTAS Legend |OTAS Hero |OTAS Guardian |OTAS Master Chief |Combat Expert |Combat Field Agent |Armaments Professional |Security Specialist |Combat Support |Hired Security |Contracted |Suspected Security Breach |Known Antagonist |Confirmed Enemy |Confirmed Insurgent |Enemy of OTAS}} }} '''OTAS''' is a private defense contractor that excels in research, development and production of advanced defense technology. OTAS isn't afraid to use its own products and influence to further its aims. ==Overview== The Optimised Technology, Armaments and Shielding Corporation, commonly known as OTAS, is a corporation specializing in design and manufacture of advanced spaceships based in the Argon sector [[Legend's Home]]. The technologies that can be bought at the [[OTAS HQ]] are top of the range, including [[Docking Computer]]s and [[jumpdrive]]s, and the ships that are available at the nearby [[OTAS Shipyard]] are frequently the most advanced in the [[Commonwealth]]. Whatever you need doing, the OTAS offering has a good chance of being the best ship for the job. ==Government and Politics== Though not above dirty tricks, such as hiring contractors to kill off competitors, OTAS appears to hold itself above the standards of the [[Strongarms]] and [[Duke's|Duke's Buccaneers]]. ===Foreign Relations and Military=== OTAS maintains cordial relations with the [[Argon|Argon Federation]]. Its military vessels patrol the sectors leading to Legend's Home, chiefly [[Aladna Hill]] (which features a resident OTAS Military Boreas) and [[Akeela's Beacon]]. ==History== ==Culture== ==Geography and Climate== ==Science and Technology== ===Ships=== OTAS is famous for designing and producing some of the best ships in the universe, many of which are readily available at their shipyard in Legend's Home. Among other things, they invented the {{M7Mclass}}. ;{{M2class}} - [[Boreas]] :Highly rated, and arguably the best capital-class warship. ;{{M3class}} - [[Venti]] :One of the most feared top end fighters which has a massively high frontal weapons array. Not available for purchase in [[Terran Conflict]], though it can be earned for reaching OTAS rank 7. In [[Albion Prelude]], it can be purchased from Legend's Home. ;{{M3+class}} - [[Notus]] :Another feared fighter, and far better than the [[Eclipse]]. Not available for purchase in Terran Conflict, but available in Albion Prelude. ;{{M4class}} - [[Eurus]] :A respectable interceptor. Not available for purchase in Terran Conflict, but available in Albion Prelude. ;{{M4+class}} - [[Solano]] :A top-ranked heavy interceptor. Available both in the shipyard and for reaching rank 4. ;{{M6class}} - [[Skiron]] :A very heavy and effective escort. Available both in the shipyard and for reaching rank 10. ;{{M7class}} - [[Astraeus Hauler]] :An OTAS frigate. ;{{M7Mclass}} - [[Aquilo]] :The original M7M, upon which all the others are built. ;{{M7Mclass}} - [[Sirokos]] :A boarding craft capable of carrying up to 30 [[marines]]. Reaching rank 10 with OTAS enables you to buy it at their shipyard. ;{{M8class}} - [[Auster Hauler]] :A very heavily shielded bomber, it is arguably the best bomber in the game. ;{{TMclass}} - [[Zephyrus]] :Arguably the very best military transport available (despite having the smallest cargo bay in the class), and the only one with fixed weapons. ;{{TSclass}} - [[Mistral]] :A fast, highly capable freighter, but suffers from a lack of variants when compared to the other [[Commonwealth]] ship [[TS|Options]]. ;{{TS+class}} - [[Mistral Super Freighter]] :The joint third largest TS+ available, it is also the fourth fastest, making it one of the best all-around TS+es. It is also cheap, and overall a smart choice for a [[Traders|Universe Trader]]. ===Stations=== ;[[Legend's Home]]: :*[[OTAS HQ]] :*[[OTAS Shipyard]] ===Upgrades available at OTAS HQ=== *[[Salvage Insurance]] *[[Freight Scanner]] *[[Docking Computer]] *[[Singularity Engine Time Accelerator]] *[[Jumpdrive]] *[[Triplex Scanner]] ;With [[Bonus Pack]]: :*[[Commodity Logistics Software]] :*[[Supply Command Software]] ==Territories== ===Core Worlds=== #[[Legend's Home]] {{Argoncategory}} [[Category:Corporations]]