<!-- source file: index__q3c5d120753ec.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=P |Faction=Xenon |Class={{M6class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=58.8 |Maxspeed=135.2 |Minaccel=5 |Maxaccel=11 |Minsteer=8.4 |Maxsteer=24.4 |Hull=30000 / 120000 (AP) |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=400 |Shieldreactor= 3000 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=750 |Maxcargo=1250 |Lasercap=10000 |Laserrecharge=500 / 1300 (AP) |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== A M6 class ship with the turning capability of an [[M3]]; in other words, it can turn on a dime and catch opposing pilots by surprise. It can out maneuver anything above M3 class ships. Exceptionally hard to board. It is equipped with poor shielding, however, equal to that of the [[Dragon]], and though it is not as fast its agility more than makes up for this. Its in-game role is to 'protect the large, slow and bulky Xenon Capital ships'. This it does admirably, its maneuverability allowing it to chase down fighters that slip through the capitals' flak screens. ==Background== The Xenon P is the next evolutionary class of the Xenon fleet. The P is reported to be a Corvette-class vessel capable of defending the large, slow and bulky Xenon capital ships. ==Physical Characteristics== The P's frame consists of an ellipsoidal fuselage with wires sticking out at the front and is accompanied by two pairs of vaguely trapezoidal nacelles that serve as its engines. == Combat == Due to their exceptional maneuverability, they can easily catch an opponent by surprise, and generally use the powerful [[Ion Shard Railgun]] as a main weapon, an accurate volley of which will quite effectively maim other standard [[M6]] ships. [[M6+]] and bigger ships, however, will shrug off the damage from a P's rather limited laser capacitor. Of course, they generally come in large swarms, so can put a pretty large dent in even a capital ship's shields. The P's decent speed and strong turning capabilities make it ideal for dealing with enemy fighters like [[M3]]s and [[M4]]s; it can intercept them fairly well and then turn well enough to eliminate them quickly and efficiently. With a large cargobay and wide loadout options it can also contribute to large firefights as a long range missile platform. Its poor shielding and the only addition of a rear turret makes it very vulnerable to any sort of heavy attack. == Equipment == A common choice is mounting the very efficient [[EMPC]] in its main battery, allowing an excellent degree of sustained firepower, and compensating for its (though strong) M6 generator. For OoS patrol, though not the best choice given its difficult availability and same production cost as the more potent/durable PX, a higher DPS weapon like the HEPT would be a better decision. {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Hornet Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == The Xenon P can only be acquired by [[boarding]]. == Suggested Roles== *[[IS]] escort of capital ships (as referenced by the encyclopedia entry) to capitalize on its huge turning advantage, its ability to carry a large payload of heavy missile types that can make a difference in a capital ship fight, and its ability to fairly easily carry a large amount of energy cells for jumping. *Personal heavy dogfighter *In small groups for sector patrol; it is well suited at eliminating fighters before they start causing issues for local trading. == See Also== *[[Xenon PX]] {{M6}}