<!-- source file: index__q52e7173efeb8.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Pegasus |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M5class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock||92561}} |Minspeed=107.3 |Maxspeed=375.6 |Minaccel=49 |Maxaccel=171 |Minsteer=17.4 |Maxsteer=60.8 |Hull=1000 |Maxshield=1 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=3 |Shieldreactor= 100 |Cargoclass=S |Mincargo=60 |Maxcargo=76 |Lasercap=550 |Laserrecharge=14 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Pegasus Raider |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M5class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock||116508}} |Minspeed=136.3 |Maxspeed=477.1 |Minaccel=62 |Maxaccel=218 |Minsteer=20.3 |Maxsteer=71.1 |Hull=950 |Maxshield=1 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=2 |Shieldreactor= 110 |Cargoclass=S |Mincargo=54 |Maxcargo=68 |Lasercap=550 |Laserrecharge=14 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Pegasus Sentinel |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M5class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock||141424}} |Minspeed=88 |Maxspeed=308 |Minaccel=40 |Maxaccel=141 |Minsteer=14.2 |Maxsteer=49.8 |Hull=1000 |Maxshield=1 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=4 |Shieldreactor=110 |Cargoclass=S |Mincargo=54 |Maxcargo=68 |Lasercap=550 |Laserrecharge=14 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Pegasus Vanguard |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M5class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock||107088}} |Minspeed=180 |Maxspeed=413.2 |Minaccel=54 |Maxaccel=189 |Minsteer=18.2 |Maxsteer=63.8 |Hull=950 |Maxshield=1 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=3 |Shieldreactor=110 |Cargoclass=S |Mincargo=57 |Maxcargo=72 |Lasercap=660 |Laserrecharge=16 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=4 |ire=1|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== In addition to scout duties, with its reasonable shields the '''Pegasus''' performs well as an anti-missile and anti-drone ship. It is, however, sub-par and expensive for its class with weak weaponry, mediocre speed and an even-smaller-than-normal cargo bay. Long gone are the days when the Pegasus was arguably the best [[M5]] in the game, at a tad over 1 km/s and with agility to match. ==Background== This ship was designed to be the main scout craft of the [[Paranid]] Fleet; lightly armed, but fast. The Pegasus design is considered a success in its role, and has also been widely adopted for many civilian purposes. Consistently being updated, this ship dates back to the early period of the Paranid and [[Split]] war against the [[Boron]]. Once upon a time the Pegasus held the distinction of being the fastest ship around; however, newer variants have sacrificed that accolade in favor of tougher defenses. ==Physical Characteristics== The Pegasus is a bit of an oddball aesthetically speaking. It amounts to a flying wing, wider than it is long, with a tall cockpit/engine section in the center. ==Variants== ===Pegasus=== {{regular}} ===Pegasus Raider=== {{raider}} ===Pegasus Sentinel=== {{sentinel}} ===Pegasus Vanguard=== {{vanguard}} ===[[Fujin|Yaki Fujin]]=== The Yaki Fujin is based on the Pegasus. == Combat == Scouts are just that; scouts. They do not have the shielding to survive an onslaught even by weak [[M4]]s and do not have the weapon power to easily damage even other M5s. The Pegasus is no exception, but if you do get a fully equipped Pegasus into a dogfight it will survive longer than most M5s. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] | *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] |} == Availability == At least one Pegasus model is available at every [[Paranid Shipyard]]. {| style="text-align:center;" |+'''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Paranid}}" ! Variant !! [[Cardinal's Domain]] !! [[Duke's Citadel]] !! [[Heaven's Assertion]] !! [[Paranid Prime]] !! [[Third Redemption]]!! [[Trinity Sanctum]] |- ! Pegasus || X || || X || || X || |- ! Pegasus Raider || || || X || || X || X |- ! Pegasus Sentinel || || X || X || X || X || |- ! Pegasus Vanguard || X || || X || || X || |} == Suggested Roles== Due to the fact that the cockpit is placed well forward and above the hull, thus giving a completely clear forward view, the Pegasus is often favored as a camera ship for taking screenshots, giving a view of space unblemished by the ship's hull. == See Also== {{M5}} {{M5category}} [[Category:Paranid ships]] {{Paranid Navbox}}