{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Pericles
|Faction=Paranid
|Class={{M4class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 1266905}}
|Minspeed= 63.4
|Maxspeed= 177.6
|Minaccel= 19
|Maxaccel= 55
|Minsteer= 19.3
|Maxsteer= 54.1
|Hull= 3500 / 7000 (AP)
|Maxshield= 5 MJ
|Shieldslots= 3
|Maxshieldstrength= 15
|Shieldreactor= 250
|Cargoclass= S
|Mincargo= 30
|Maxcargo= 110
|Lasercap= 2250
|Laserrecharge= 56
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot= Main
|Guncount= 6
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Enhanced Pericles
|Faction= Paranid
|Class= {{M4class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 70850}}
|Minspeed=90
|Maxspeed=252
|Minaccel=30
|Maxaccel=84
|Minsteer=22.6
|Maxsteer=63.3
|Hull= 3600 / 7200 (AP)
|Maxshield=5 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=20
|Shieldreactor= 275
|Cargoclass=S
|Mincargo=27
|Maxcargo=99
|Lasercap=2700
|Laserrecharge=67
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=6
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Pericles Raider
|Faction=Paranid
|Class={{M4class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 1443250}}
|Minspeed=80.5
|Maxspeed=225.5
|Minaccel=25
|Maxaccel=70
|Minsteer=22.6
|Maxsteer=63.3
|Hull= 3325 / 6650 (AP)
|Maxshield=5 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=10
|Shieldreactor= 275
|Cargoclass=S
|Mincargo=27
|Maxcargo=99
|Lasercap=2250
|Laserrecharge=56
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=6
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Pericles Sentinel
|Faction=Paranid
|Class={{M4class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 1311785}}
|Minspeed=52
|Maxspeed=145.6
|Minaccel=16
|Maxaccel=45
|Minsteer=15.9
|Maxsteer=44.4
|Hull= 3500 / 7000 (AP)
|Maxshield=5 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=20
|Shieldreactor= 275
|Cargoclass=S
|Mincargo=27
|Maxcargo=99
|Lasercap=2250
|Laserrecharge=56
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=6
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Pericles Vanguard
|Faction=Paranid
|Class={{M4class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=69.7
|Maxspeed=195.3
|Minaccel=21
|Maxaccel=61
|Minsteer=20.3
|Maxsteer=56.8
|Hull= 3325 / 6650 (AP)
|Maxshield=5 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=15
|Shieldreactor= 275
|Cargoclass=S
|Mincargo=28
|Maxcargo=104
|Lasercap=2700
|Laserrecharge=67
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=6
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The [[Paranid]] '''Pericles''' is almost identical to the [[Argon]] [[Buster]], except it only carries S-class cargo.

==Background==
The Pericles was developed to replace the aging Poseidon.  The Pericles improved on the earlier model by increasing shield capacity and the speed of the ship, while keeping the weapon compatibility.  The Pericles spent a long time in development as it had some structural flaws.  These flaws were ironed out and the ship entered service to the sadness of the pilots who had become used to the sight of the Poseidon.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Pericles is curvy and sleek, with a long needle nose and short wings.  Its weapons are mounted on the fighter's belly, beneath the cockpit.

==Variants==
===Pericles===
{{regular}}
===Pericles Enhanced===
With greatly improved speed, and shielding, and slightly improved firepower at the cost of even less cargo space, this ship is already a good choice for a carrier ship. Moreover, the Enhanced Pericles is much cheaper, costing about as much as M5s, both when bought in shipyards, and produced in the player HQ.

===Pericles Raider===
{{raider}}
===Pericles Sentinel===
{{sentinel}}
===Pericles Vanguard===
{{vanguard}}

===[[Raijin|Yaki Raijin]]===
The Yaki Raijin is based on the Pericles.

== Combat ==
As the Pericles is pretty much identical to the Argon Buster, it has very similar combat ability when both are equipped with the stock [[PAC]]. However, the Pericles has a narrower choice of weapons, as only the [[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher]] can otherwise be fitted to the Pericles and this weapon is not highly thought of.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
|
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
|
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
|}

== Availability ==
At least one Pericles model is available at every [[Paranid Shipyard]].
{| style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Availability'''
|- style="{{Colour/Paranid}}"
! Variant !! [[Cardinal's Domain]] !! [[Duke's Citadel]] !! [[Heaven's Assertion]] !! [[Paranid Prime]] !! [[Third Redemption]]!! [[Trinity Sanctum]]
|-
! Pericles          ||   ||   || X ||   || X || X
|-
! Pericles Raider   ||   || X || X || X || X ||  
|-
! Pericles Sentinel || X ||   || X ||   || X ||  
|}

The Enhanced Pericles and Pericles Vanguard are not available for purchase.  Both are available as [[ownerless ships]].  The Pericles Vanguard is also available [[Buy Used Ship|used]], and the Enhanced Pericles is granted by [[Duke's|Duke's Buccaneers]] upon reaching [[Reputation#Duke's|rank 4]].

In AP, the Enhanced Pericles is available for purchase in some Paranid shipyards.

== Suggested Roles==
The Pericles' inability to carry M-class cargo prevents it from mounting a [[jumpdrive]], which limits its utility as a fighter to carrier-based and station-defense applications.  Also limiting it is a weapons selection no better than the [[Demeter]] and [[Hermes]] freighters. Further adding to the drawbacks of this interceptor is its inability to carry [[fighter drone]]s, as they're M-class cargo and the Pericles' aforementioned S-class cargo limitation makes it weak for its class.

== See Also==
*[[Theseus|Paranid Theseus]]

{{M4}}


{{Paranid Navbox}}