<!-- source file: index__qf8faaf97502b.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Perseus |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Friend of Priest Duke| 2358449}} |Minspeed=75.0 |Maxspeed=165.0 |Minaccel=12 |Maxaccel=26 |Minsteer=24.3 |Maxsteer=53.5 |Hull=10000 / 20000 (AP) |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=75 |Shieldreactor= 750 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=60 |Maxcargo=160 |Lasercap= 6200 |Laserrecharge=155 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Advanced Perseus |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 2710250}} |Minspeed= 95 |Maxspeed= 209 |Minaccel= 15 |Maxaccel= 33 |Minsteer= 28.4 |Maxsteer= 62.6 |Hull= 9500 / 19000 (AP) |Maxshield= 25 MJ |Shieldslots= 4 |Maxshieldstrength= 100 |Shieldreactor= 825 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=57 |Maxcargo=160 |Lasercap= 6200 |Laserrecharge= 160 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Perseus Raider |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Friend of Priest Duke| 3042992}} |Minspeed=95.2 |Maxspeed=209.5 |Minaccel=17 |Maxaccel=38 |Minsteer=28.5 |Maxsteer=62.6 |Hull=9500 / 19000 (AP) |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=50 |Shieldreactor= 825 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=54 |Maxcargo= 144 |Lasercap= 6200 |Laserrecharge=155 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Perseus Sentinel |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Friend of Priest Duke| 2785826}} |Minspeed=61.5 |Maxspeed=135.3 |Minaccel=11 |Maxaccel=24 |Minsteer=19.9 |Maxsteer=43.9 |Hull=10000 / 20000 (AP) |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=100 |Shieldreactor= 825 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=54 |Maxcargo= 144 |Lasercap= 6200 |Laserrecharge=155 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Perseus Vanguard |Faction=Paranid |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Friend of Priest Duke| 2657870}} |Minspeed=82.5 |Maxspeed=181.5 |Minaccel=15 |Maxaccel=33 |Minsteer=25.5 |Maxsteer=56.2 |Hull=9500 / 19000 (AP) |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=50 |Shieldreactor= 825 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=57 |Maxcargo= 152 |Lasercap= 6200 |Laserrecharge=155 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== Tough, fast and with a capable weapons array, the '''Perseus'''' only drawback is a lack of cargo capacity, making it poor for extended operations using a [[jumpdrive]]. ==Background== The Perseus was once a cutting-edge fighter, developed by the [[Paranid]] to best any opponent short of a [[:Category:Capital Ships||capital ship]]. However, the prototype was rather embarrasingly stolen by a [[Pirate]] group and had to be recovered by [[Kyle Brennan]], founder of [[Terracorp]]. Since then, it has been kept well updated, and remains a successful and capable fighter despite its age. ==Physical Characteristics== Though individual Perseus variants differ widely in appearance, they all have some resemblance to a predatory fish or whale. Each has a sleek body and downward-sloping wings. ==Variants== ===Perseus=== The regular Perseus is a very average fighter. It has no real outstanding weaknesses or advantages, except for lower than average speed and above average firepower. ===Advanced Perseus=== This version corrects the low speed of the original, bringing it up to nearly 210m/s. It also improves the protection by adding another 25MJ shield and improved shield recharge. This makes it a good and well-rounded [[M3]]. ===Perseus Raider=== The raider has respectable speed for an [[M3]] and the same firepower as the base model, at the expense of one less 25MJ shield and reduced cargo space. It has slightly better shield recharge than the base model, though. ===Perseus Sentinel=== The Sentinel is probably the poorest choice of the Perseus series. It sacrifices the already low speed of the base model, bringing the speed so low that it's more in the realm of an [[M6]] series than an [[M3]]. As a minor consolation, it does have extra shielding and is able to field the [[Plasma Burst Generator]]. ===Perseus Vanguard=== This variant is nearly identical to the standard version and might in fact be one of the only vanguard variants that is arguably worse than its base, as it only slightly improves speed and shield regeneration at the expense of a shield slot and cargo space. Unlike most vanguard type ships, there is no improvement in firepower. ===[[Susanowa|Yaki Susanowa]]=== The Yaki Susanowa is based on the Perseus. == Combat == Being an all-round good ship in the combat department, the Perseus can be expected to best most ships that do not outclass it. However, ships equipped for jump operations have little space left for missile armaments. == Equipment == {| |+'''Missiles''' |- valign="top" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] | *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == At least one Perseus variant is available at every [[Paranid Shipyard]]. {| style="text-align:center;" |+'''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Paranid}}" ! Variant !! [[Cardinal's Domain]] !! [[Duke's Citadel]] !! [[Heaven's Assertion]] !! [[Paranid Prime]] !! [[Third Redemption]]!! [[Trinity Sanctum]] |- ! Perseus || || X || X || X || X || |- ! Perseus Raider || || || X || || X || X |- ! Perseus Sentinel || || || X || || X || X |- ! Perseus Vanguard || X || || X || || X || |- ! Advanced Perseus || || || X || || || || |} As of Albion Prelude 3.0 the Advanced Perseus is available for sale. In Terran Conflict, it can be salvaged as one of many [[ownerless ships]], and is also granted by [[Duke's Buccaneers]] upon reaching [[Reputation#Duke's|rank 7]]. == Suggested Roles== The Perseus does a good job in standard [[M3]] roles, although its lack of cargo space limits its jumpdrive range. == See Also== *[[M3+]] class **[[Medusa|Paranid Medusa]] {{M3}} {{Paranid Navbox}}