{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Phantom
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{TPclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Federation Guardian| 1164656}}
|Minspeed=82
|Maxspeed=180.4
|Minaccel=5
|Maxaccel=11
|Minsteer=2
|Maxsteer=5.7
|Hull=60000
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=5
|Maxshieldstrength=125
|Shieldreactor= 650
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=480
|Maxcargo=950
|Lasercap=1250
|Laserrecharge=12
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Down
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}

</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
In Terran Conflict, the Phantom is the fastest TP available for sale, mounts the heaviest shields, and has the most guns. It is ideal for players looking to make large amounts of money from passenger transport missions that frequently require a TP-class ship. However, it is not the fastest overall TP in the game; the Split [[Iguana|Iguana Vanguard]] takes the title by beating it at a mere 6 m/s. In Albion Prelude, the [[Mani]] and [[Ocelot]] are faster.

==Background==
The Phantom is the latest offering from the famous Omicron Lyrae Shipyards. Designed to compete in the same niche as the Hyperion, it combines luxurious interior suites with a reinforced hull and enhanced shield generators, making it the perfect vessel for use as a private yacht for the wealthy entrepreneur. The vessel has minimal defensive armament, but is capable of defending itself from the scattered pirate raiders which plague the universe. The current design still contains a number of minor faults, but has been deemed safe for sale to the mass market.
==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
Contrary to the in-game description, this ship cannot match the [[Hyperion]] in combat capability. Its shields are strong and it is heavily armed for a TP, but it is still recommended to keep it out of harm's way.
== Equipment ==
== Availability ==
{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|+ '''Availability'''
|- style="{{Colour/Argon}}"
! Variant !! [[Legend's Home]] !!  [[Omicron Lyrae]] !! [[Cloudbase South East]]
|-
! Phantom || x || x || x ||
|-
|}

== Suggested Roles==
Passenger transport.
== See Also==
*[[Express|Argon Express]]
*[[Angel|Boron Angel]]
*[[Manta|Boron Manta]]
*[[Hermes|Paranid Hermes]]
*[[Iguana|Split Iguana]]
*[[Toucan|Teladi Toucan]]
*[[Scabbard|Terran Scabbard]]
*[[Geochen|Teladi Geochen]]

{{TPcategory}}
{{Argonshipcategory}}
{{Argon Navbox}}