<!-- source file: index__qf6b702c0c2f0.html -->

==Overview== Physics describes the rules of motion in the universe, many of these concepts apply in the [[X-universe]]. ==Distance== Usually measured in meters (m) or kilometers (km). A kilometer is 1000 meters. Range is the distance to a target. For weapons range usually describes the distance the projectile may travel before self-destructing or fizzling out.&lt;br> In the X Universe range is usually measured in kilometers (km). ==Speed== Speed is a measure of distance traveled over time. Usually expressed m/s. It is the scalar component of the vector velocity. ==Acceleration== Acceleration measures the change of speed over time. Usually expressed m/s&lt;sup>2&lt;/sup> ==Energy== Energy is an expression of an object's state. It is usually expressed in terms of Joules (J).&lt;br> A kilojoule (kJ) is 1000 Joules. &lt;br> A megajoule (MJ) is 1000000 Joules. &lt;br> Joules can also be expressed as kg m&lt;sup>2&lt;/sup>/s&lt;sup>2&lt;/sup>. This can be easily remembered from the simple calculation for kinetic energy 1/2(mass)(velocity)&lt;sup>2&lt;/sup> ==Power== Power is an expression of energy over time. It is usually expressed in terms of Watts (W). A kilowatt is 1,000 W or 1,000 J/s. A megawatt is 1,000,000 W or 1,000,000 J/s. ==Steering== Steering describes a ships turning capability. It is expressed in revolutions per minute (RPM). A revolution constitutes as returning to the original position after turning in one direction only. ==Anti-matter== Anti-matter is matter which when in contact with normal matter converts totally to energy. Energy release is generally accepted as (mass)(speed of light)&lt;sup>2&lt;/sup>. Anti-matter is notoriously hard to store, as it can't touch Matter without annihilating. In TC it's stored in a protection field, which fails upon contact, causing the energy to damage [[shields]].