<!-- source file: index__qeb9536a926e9.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Pike |Faction=Boron |Class={{M4+class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock||797,068}} |Minspeed=65 |Maxspeed=195 |Minaccel=21 |Maxaccel=65 |Minsteer=19.1 |Maxsteer=57.2 |Hull=5,850 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=1 |Maxshieldstrength=25 |Shieldreactor=399 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=63 |Maxcargo=208 |Lasercap=4,350 |Laserrecharge=65 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=6 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Pike (Albion Prelude) |Faction=Boron |Class={{M4+class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock||797,068}} |Minspeed=65 |Maxspeed=195 |Minaccel=21 |Maxaccel=65 |Minsteer=19.1 |Maxsteer=57.2 |Hull=11700 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=1 |Maxshieldstrength=25 |Shieldreactor=399 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=63 |Maxcargo=208 |Lasercap=4,350 |Laserrecharge=65 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== Smaller than an [[M3]], and lower priced, the Pike is a capable carrier fighter with good shielding and speed, along with enhanced weaponry over the [[Mako]]. The Pike's weapon selection changed significantly in Albion Prelude, dramatically changing the fighter's role. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== Adding the Pike to the Royal Boron Navy's inventory was an inspired move. The Pike's agility, speed and improved weaponry makes it a fine interceptor. ==Physical Characteristics== The Pike's hull is identical to the [[Mako]], an unusual feature among M4+s, which usually have distinct, if similar appearances compared to their sister M4s. It has been given a unique model in Albion Prelude. == Combat == The Boron M4+ fighter is a large improvement on its predecessor, the [[Mako]], with heavier shielding and armament, and it can hold its own against other fighters. Thanks to its 25MJ shields, it can survive glancing blows from heavier weapons, and it has the speed and agility to dodge incoming fire. It also mounts enough weapon power to do reasonable damage to an adversary. == Equipment == As with most [[Boron]] fighters, it can use the [[Ion Disruptor]], and can be used to strip shields and equipment for [[boarding]] operations. In Albion Prelude, the Pike can no longer mount the [[Ion Disruptor]], but is compatible with the [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]], making the fighter a more capable destructive ship at the cost of its niche role. {| |+ '''Missiles - Terran Conflict''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] | *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} {| |+ '''Missiles - Albion Prelude''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] | *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] | *[[Hurricane Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] | *[[Wildfire Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="{{Colour/Boron}}" ! Game !! [[Depths of Silence]] !! [[Great Reef]] !! [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]] |- | Terran Conflict || x || x || x || x || x || || |- | Albion Prelude || x || x || x || x || x || x |} == Suggested Roles== The Pike's speed is competitive with other M4+s, a unusual quality for [[Boron]] small craft. It strikes a good balance between speed, shielding and firepower, making it a good escort ship and interceptor. In Terran Conflict, it is useful as a escort for [[boarding]] operations, using the [[Ion Disruptor]] to strip weapons and shields while the player launches marines. It can also mount several very heavy missiles like the [[Hammerhead Missile]], [[Tornado Missile]] and [[Thunderbolt Missile]], allowing it a heavy strike capability. In Albion Prelude, its weapon generator cannot adequately fuel the [[High Energy Plasma Thrower]] or [[Phased Repeater Gun]], but it has plenty of cargo space, so utilizing the [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]] is quite feasible. Its ability to mount heavy missiles has also been removed; its selection is mostly anti-fighter. It can still mount the heavy [[Remote Guided Warhead]], but the missile is difficult to source, so it is unreliable for fleet action. == See Also== *[[M4]] class; **[[Mako|Boron Mako]] {{M4+}} [[Category:Boron ships]] {{Boron Navbox}}