{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Ship
|Faction=Pirate
|Class={{TSclass}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=
|Maxspeed=90
|Minaccel=
|Maxaccel=
|Minsteer=
|Maxsteer=
|Hull=
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=25
|Shieldreactor= 200
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=
|Maxcargo=3000
|Lasercap=950
|Laserrecharge=
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
A bizarre ship whose name - and, it would seem, existence - is a carryover from X2. This ship is bugged even when spawned using scripts. It cannot be sold at shipyards, a trait intrinsic to only one other ship which is another carryover from the plot of X3: Reunion. As a TS, it is probably the least desirable of the lot, being slow, lacking in defense and with a small cargo bay - a far cry from the heavily armed Pirate ship of X2.

==Background==
==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
Even worse than normal TS class ships, as it lacks weaponry, speed and has a meagre 25Mj of shielding. If you like your traders to die, spawn yourself some of these.

== Equipment ==
== Availability ==
As of 2.7, they do not exist in Vanilla, due to their buggy status. Gone are the evil pirate [[goner]]s flying freighters. The Pirate Ship can still be spawned via scripts, though. Earlier versions did have them as a rare ship for Pirates to use, though their pilots appeared as aggressive goners with a random race's voice.

== Suggested Roles==
== See Also==

{{TScategory}}