<!-- source file: index__q06dec366ba42.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Pleco |Faction=Boron |Class={{TMclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 462558}} |Minspeed=73 |Maxspeed=132 |Minaccel=8 |Maxaccel=15 |Minsteer=1.6 |Maxsteer=2.9 |Hull=18900 |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=1 |Maxshieldstrength=200 |Shieldreactor= 950 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=1000 |Maxcargo=1650 |Lasercap=750 |Laserrecharge=30 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Turret Front |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Turret Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|4 {{Fighterdock}}}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The [[Boron]] '''Pleco''' is lacking in shielding, but has good speed and freight capacity making it a good choice of [[TM]] for non-combat roles. ==Background== One of the most recent ships to be commissioned from [[Kingdom End]]'s shipyard, the Pleco military transport offers increased flexibility and capability in convoy protection and post-combat recovery operations. ==Physical Characteristics== The Pleco is quite obviously a [[Boron]] [[Dolphin]] modified with four fighter bays. From the bays up, the two ships are completely identical. Unlike the Dolphin, it can carry a small number of weapons. == Combat == With its reduced shield capacity, the Pleco does not have as much defensive ability as many of the other TMs. However, it can fight off single [[M4|interceptors]] and survive long enough to escape a fighter attack it cannot deal with. Its missile compatibility is much improved over some other TMs such as the [[Magnetar]]. == Equipment == {| |+'''Missiles''' |- | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] |} == Availability == The Pleco is available at the [[Royal Boron Shipyard]]s in [[Depths of Silence]], [[Great Reef]], [[Kingdom End]], [[Lucky Planets]], and [[Ocean of Fantasy]]. == Suggested Roles== The Pleco is not an ideal TM for use as a fighter tender, but does well in the armored freighter and [[traders|trader]] roles. == See Also== {{TM}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Boron Navbox}}