<!-- source file: index__q9187610fbf97.html -->

{{Infobox Sector |Race=Argon |SecLevel=Border |Population=68,598,614 |Planets=3 |SunLevel=150 |GateDist=60 |Gates=&lt;table style="background-color:whiteSmoke;text-align:right;"> &lt;tr style="text-align:center;">&lt;th>Gate&lt;/th>&lt;th>x&lt;/th>&lt;th>y&lt;/th>&lt;th>z&lt;/th>&lt;th>Destination&lt;/th>&lt;/tr> {{Gateblock2|North|-7875| 2250| 22740|[[The Wall]]}} {{Gateblock2|East|16740| 5625| 2625|[[Elena's Fortune]]}} {{Gateblock2|South|-4125| -4875| -23115|[[Cloudbase South East]]}} {{Gateblock2|West|-26490| 4500| 1500|[[Home of Light]]}} &lt;/table> }} ==Description== ===Encyclopedia Entry (Terran Conflict)=== Now little more than a smouldering shell, Preident's End stands testament to the ferocity of the [[Kha'ak]]. What little remains here has been left untouched, a silent memorial and burial ground to the countless souls who lost their lives, unable to escape this sector's final demise. With gates that link to areas that hold even greater anarchy, [[Argon]] security patrols struggle to maintain any semblance of control over the sector. Plans to rebuild are still held back by the fear of further reprisals. Perhaps in time President's End will see a new beginning, but until then this sector remains in mourning. ===Encyclopedia Entry (Albion Prelude)=== After having been completely wiped out by the [[Kha'ak]], the remains here have been left untouched as a silent memorial to the countless souls who lost their lives. Plans to rebuild were held back by the fear of further reprisals, but now that the Kha'ak have mostly been wiped from the known universe, [[Argon]] officials have decided to give a green light to rebuilding. While this sector may come to life and flourish once again, the scar of the tragedy runs deep and will not be forgotten. ==Default [[Stations]]== President's End has no default stations in Terran Conflict. ==[[Asteroids]]== {{Asteroid/Begin}} {{Asteroid/Item|Ore|21|-11784|-5344|-17818}} {{Asteroid/Item|Ore|18|-7315|-6194|18557}} {{Asteroid/Item|Ore|13|-2167|-1814|18557}} {{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|45|6375|-5625|-9375}} {{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|26|-13648|-3459|1791}} {{Asteroid/Item|Silicon|6|-14960|-4117|12559}} {{Asteroid/End}} {{Argoncategory}} {{Argon Navbox}}