<!-- source file: index__q4c78b340ab9a.html -->

{{See also|Pteranodon}} {{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Python |Faction=Split |Class={{M2class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Inner Circle of Rhonkar| 92600480}} |Minspeed= 49.5 |Maxspeed= 69.3 |Minaccel= 6 |Maxaccel= 9 |Minsteer= 0.5 |Maxsteer= 0.7 |Hull= 400,000 |Maxshield= 2 GJ |Shieldslots= 3 |Maxshieldstrength= 6000 |Shieldreactor= 14,400 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 7700 |Maxcargo= 7700 |Lasercap= 331600 |Laserrecharge= 4969 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Front |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=1|pbe=0| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount= 4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=1|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=1|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Python (Albion Prelude) |Faction=Split |Class={{M2class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Inner Circle of Rhonkar| 92600480}} |Minspeed= 49.5 |Maxspeed= 69.3 |Minaccel= 6 |Maxaccel= 9 |Minsteer= 0.5 |Maxsteer= 0.7 |Hull= 4,000,000 |Maxshield= 2 GJ |Shieldslots= 4 |Maxshieldstrength= 8000 |Shieldreactor= 15000 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 7700 |Maxcargo= 7700 |Lasercap= 331600 |Laserrecharge= 4969 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot= Front |Guncount= 8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=1|pbe=0| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount= 6 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=1|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=1|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=6 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The '''Python''' was a player favorite in [[X3: Reunion]], but was significantly reduced in power for [[X3: Terran Conflict]]. While it was the fastest M2 in the game, its speed only exceeded the next fastest purchasable M2, the [[Boreas|OTAS Boreas]] by a mere 6 m/s. In addition, the Python, like most Split ships, had relatively low shielding for its class and mounted fewer weapons than any other ship in its class. As of Albion Prelude, however, the ship is significantly improved and is a capable anti-capital warship. Still plaguing the Python, however, is its weak anti-fighter capabilities. The only flak weapon available to the Python is the [[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher]], which is an unpopular weapon players due to its poor bullet speed and low damage. Still, the Python is an imposing warship, and with an anti-fighter escort, can impose the Family's will on any sector of their choosing. ==Background== The Python is the one of the most effective destroyer ships in Split Sectors. It is well armed, and lethal. It is also one of the most aggressive ships in the universe, its captains all being briefed to fire first and ask questions later. There are rumours of a second, more powerful, class of destroyer that was used during a Split family feud, but it is thought that these ships no longer exist as the Python is still being produced. ==Physical Characteristics== The Python closely resembles the [[TL]] [[Elephant]] and [[M1]] [[Raptor]], in that it is a long rusty-red slab of metal, taller than it is wide. Its main distinguishing feature is a more prominent, finned "keel". == Combat == The Python has a smaller broadside than other destroyers, so maximizing the time spent firing the forward batteries is important. The sheer length of the ship can make turning difficult, so approaching a target slowly to maximize forward firepower time is recommended. While the Python is not compatible with the [[Cluster Flak Array]] or the [[Flak Artillery Array]], it is compatible with the fast and accurate [[Pulsed Beam Emitter]]. While not as outright destructive, the PBE significantly improves the Python's fighter defense. As of Albion Prelude, the Python received massive stat boosts. Its shield capacity was increased to 8GJ with a shield generator to match. Additionally its Left, Right and Dorsal turrets have been boosted to x6 and it's Ventral turret has been boosted to x4. The same tactics still apply, but the additional power makes the Python more viable in AI hands than it was in Terran Conflict. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] | *[[Hornet Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] | *[[Tempest Missile]] *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] | *[[Typhoon Missile]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo]] *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] | *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] | *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |+ '''Availability''' |- style="{{Colour/Split}}" ! Variant !! [[Cho's Defeat]] !! [[Family Njy]] !! [[Family Pride]] !! [[Family Rhy]] !! [[Family Tkr]] !! [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] !! [[Rhonkar's Might]] !! [[Rhonkar's Trial]] !! [[Zyarth's Dominion]] |- ! Python || X || X || X || X || X || X || X || X || X |} == Suggested Roles== With its slim profile, the Python is an excellent destroyer in player hands, as strafing can move the ship out of the line of fire of enemy capital weapons with ease. The Python should only be used by the AI in Albion Prelude; it is not capable of defending itself adequately in Terran Conflict. == See Also== {{M2}} {{Split Navbox}}