<!-- source file: index__q4faf1e804cf1.html -->

{{See also|Reputation}} There are a lot of different ranks in X3. There are [[Reputation|race ranks]], [[combat]] ranks and trade ranks. Below you can get a quick overview of combat and trade ranks. Rank is a representation of character reputation in the [[X-universe]]. Killing ships increases Combat Rank, reflecting the character's reputation of combat skill. Conducting trades increases Trade Rank, reflecting the character's reputation as an expert trader. [[Missions]] often come with certain rank requirements, simulating a willingness by NPCs to trust the character with their vital interests. [[Ships]] and [[wares]] usually have race rank requirements, reflecting a need for the selling faction to have a certain amount of trust in the character. Combat ranks are also used by the game to set up opposition forces. A higher combat rank generally implies that you have some skill at fighting. As a consequence the game likes to increase the challenge of fights by spawning heavier and more numerous combatants for you to face. Per the Offical Egosoft FAQ: If you leave the game idle for a long period of time then your fight and trade ranks will start to decay. Your fight rank will drop by about 2% for every game hour without player input (or for every 6 minutes, on 1000% SETA), and your trade rank by around 0.25%. It has been tested that the lowest your Combat and Trade ranks will fall is Fighter and Master Dealer, respectively. {| cellpadding="10" |- valign="top" | ====Combat ranks==== *X-Treme *Hero *Legend *Overlord *Conqueror *Battlemaster *Crusader *Warlord *Vindicator *Assassin *Warrior *Militant *Master Chief *Fighter Chief *Specialist *Instructor *Professional *Eagle Eye *Sharpshooter *Marksman *Veteran *Fighter *Skilled *Graduate *Competent *Trainee *Rookie *Novice *Greenhorn *Nuisance *Harmless | ====Trade Ranks==== *X-Treme *Pan-Galactic Tycoon *Tycoon *Super Magnate *Magnate *Mogul *Capitalist *Master Industrialist *Industrialist *Manufacturer *Master Economist *Economist *Master Broker *Broker *Financier *Petty Financier *Wholesaler *Merchant *Retailer *Petty Retailer *Entrepreneur *Master Dealer *Dealer *Trader *Apprentice Trader *Vendor *Petty vendor *Hawker *Profiteer *Journeyman *Opportunist