{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Ray
|Faction=Boron
|Class={{M2class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|King's Knight| 86730365 }}
|Minspeed= 41.0 
|Maxspeed= 57.4 
|Minaccel=4
|Maxaccel=6
|Minsteer=0.5
|Maxsteer=0.7
|Hull=450000 / 4500000 (AP)
|Maxshield=2 GJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=8000
|Shieldreactor= 14200 
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=11000
|Maxcargo=11000
|Lasercap= 248800 
|Laserrecharge= 3728
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=1|ic=1|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=1|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=1|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=1|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=1|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=1|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Up
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Down
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}


==Overview==
The Ray is the Boron M2 class craft. It is a large, powerful destroyer with good speed, average shielding and heavy weaponry. It is somewhat of a break from Boron philosophy, as it is one of the most dangerous ships in the Commonwealth.

The Ray is one of the most popular M2s for general-purpose destruction, second only to the [[Boreas]] in popularity.
==Background==
This Boron destroyer is fast, maneuverable, and despite the Boron's peaceful nature, very deadly. It is heavily armed, and its weapons are complemented with powerful shield generators. Its design and technology was revolutionary, as most of the older Boron designs were scrapped and remade after the Boron Conflict. It is manned by the highly trained pilots of the Boron Space Fleet.
==Physical Characteristics==
Like all Boron battleships, it has very smooth, organic bodywork, with a wide rear and tapered nose. It is a very large vessel; one of the largest in the game, giving it a penalty in a fight as it is much easier to hit than other M2s.

== Combat ==
Its turret layout means that it can focus up to 24 PPC weapons on a distant target, though its firepower is mostly at the front. The Ray can equip the [[Ion Cannon]], the [[Boron]] anti-capital weapon that deals more damage to shields than any other weapon ever invented but does less damage to hulls. With these, it can strip an opponent naked in record time.

One potential loadout is to equip 4-8 Ion Cannons in the front turret and [[Photon Pulse Cannon|PPC]]s in the side turrets, allowing the Ray to strip shields as it approaches its target and then bring the heavy hull-damaging PPCs to bear as draws closer.

With its lower Laser Recharge than most M2's, it makes an ideal candidate for the [[Gauss Cannon]]; especially with its fearsome side load-out, combined with the longer range of PPCs on its bow.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;" 
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|
*[[Hornet Missile]]
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
|}

== Availability ==
{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|+ '''Availability'''
|- style="background-color:lightblue;"
! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !! [[Great Reef]] !! [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]]
|-
! Ray || X || X || X || X || X || X
|}

== Suggested Roles==
The Ray makes one of the best general-purpose destroyers in the game.  Call it in whenever you need something obliterated.
== See Also==
{{M2}}
{{Boron Navbox}}