{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Remote Guided Warhead|Yield=100000|Speed=142|Range=79.9|Cooldown=|Seeker=Autonomous|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Manual|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Remote Guided Warhead|cargoclass=S|volume=|minprice=|aveprice=|maxprice=}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Remote Guided Warhead, despite its name and the in-game encyclopedia entry, cannot be manually guided. It is essentially another bog standard medium missile for attacking midsized ships, but aside from being of cargo class S it is inferior to the [[Hornet Missile|Hornet]] in every way except for range.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Remote Guided Warhead is designed to be part missile and part drone. It is fired normally however the pilot can take remote control to the position the missile into an accurate firing line.

==Commentary==
The RGW is of limited usage as it has the slowest speed out of any other missile and that it does not have any manufacturing facility to produce it, only being found as salvage from wrecked ships; this means it can only be useful during corporation-sponsored delivery missions who ask you to retrieve various numbers of specific munitions such as these. Its most common use is as a 'cluster buster' to instantly destroy a [[Kha'ak Cluster]] from range before it can separate. Its advertised gimmick of remote control is not implemented, and the missile functions like any other homing missile, but not like a homing pigeon. While not particularly fast, it can prove a serious threat to [[M4]]s, [[M3]]s, and [[M6]]s due to the warhead's very high damage output at 100MJ, and it can even be carried by the [[Discoverer|Argon Advanced Discoverer]], the [[Kestrel|Teladi Kestrel]], and the [[Fujin|Yaki Fujin]]; this makes them surprisingly dangerous if they carry these as the RGW is the only high-powered missile for these three [[M5]] craft. If its intended target is destroyed, it will pursue a new hostile target, though it's not particularly effective in doing so thanks to its lethargic speed.
{{Missile Navbox}}
[[Category:Not Purchasable]]