{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Shadow Missile [Albion Prelude]|Yield=560000|Speed=295|Range=80.2|Cooldown=1330|Seeker=|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Shadow Missile|cargoclass=L|volume=20|minprice=49610|aveprice=53344|maxprice=57078}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Shadow Missile|Yield=755000|Speed=245|Range=80.8|Cooldown=4000|Seeker=|Submunitions=8|Fusing=Proximity|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Shadow Missile|cargoclass=L|volume=18|minprice=49610|aveprice=53344|maxprice=57078}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The [[Terran]] equivalent of the [[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]], this missile is specifically designed for salvo fire from [[Skirnir]]s. It has longer range and higher damage than its counterpart but has a lower refire rate.

==Commentary==
There is a big difference between the Shadow and its [[Commonwealth]] [[Hammer Heavy Torpedo|counterpart]]. The Shadow is usable only by the [[ATF]] [[Skirnir]], and is even more of an 'I win' weapon than the Hammer Heavy Torpedo, with its frighteningly high damage. 

The Shadow may be mass produced from a purchasable factory (curiously unlike the Ghoul), this missile ensures complete dominance over anything quickly, overwhelmingly, and even economically! Truly the most potent armament in the entire game by a wide margin.

==Albion Prelude==
The Shadow Missile was nerfed in X3: Albion Prelude, it no longer splits into 8 warheads. Damage, speed, range, cooldown, size, volume etc. were also tweaked. With these tweaks, the Shadow Missile is now very similar to the [[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]] except for damage which the Shadow Missile is superior. The missile, however, had its cargo volume increased to 20, making it more restrictive to carry compared to the Hammer's 15. [{{linky}}forum.egosoft.de/viewtopic.php?t=315293 Egosoft Forum]

[[Category:Swarm missiles]]
{{Missile Navbox}}