<!-- source file: index__q6a11a72f2988.html -->

Shields protect space vessels from damage in space.&lt;bR> Primarily intended to protect against micrometeorite erosion, shields also protect against collision and weapons fire. Shields are broadly broken down into three categories - [[#Light Shields|Light]], [[#Medium Shields|Medium]] and [[#Heavy Shields|Heavy]] == Shield Types == === Light Shields === Most often found on {{M5class}} and {{M4class}} ships, these shields tend to be able to stand up to only the lightest of weapons fire. {| cellpadding="10" || ====1 MJ==== {| |- style="vertical-align:top;" |{{Shieldinfo|ware=1 MJ Shield|shieldstr=1|powerreq=33|recharge=98|cargoclass=S|volume=1|minprice=4154|aveprice=5192|maxprice=6230}} |} 1 MJ shields are the lightest shields available and usually found on {{M5class}} ships. || ====5 MJ==== {| |- style="vertical-align:top;" |{{Shieldinfo|ware=5 MJ Shield|shieldstr=5|powerreq=83|recharge=237|cargoclass=S|volume=3|minprice=17200|aveprice=20800|maxprice=24300}} |} 5 MJ shields are common among {{M4class}} ships and the heaviest {{M5class}} ships. |} === Medium Shields === Medium Shields are most often found on {{M3class}} and {{M6class}} military ships, and most non-military ships; although occasionally also on {{M4class}} ships too. {| cellpadding="10" || ===25 MJ=== {| |- style="vertical-align:top;" |{{Shieldinfo|ware=25 MJ Shield|shieldstr=25|powerreq=250|recharge=675|cargoclass=S|volume=10|minprice=74600|aveprice=84700|maxprice=96800}} |} 25 MJ shields are widespread among {{TPclass}}, {{TSclass}}, and {{M3class}} ships. They are also a featured strength of {{M4+class}} ships. || ===200 MJ=== {| |- style="vertical-align:top;" |{{Shieldinfo|ware=200 MJ Shield|shieldstr=200|powerreq=1500|recharge=4050|cargoclass=L|volume=25|minprice=140200|aveprice=155800|maxprice=171400}} |} Found on larger ships like the {{TLclass}} and {{M6class}}. 200 MJ shields are heavy protection for civilian ships and lighter military vessels. |} === Heavy Shields === {| cellpadding="10" || ===1 GJ=== {| |- style="vertical-align:top;" |{{Shieldinfo|ware=1 GJ Shield|shieldstr=1000|powerreq=2000|recharge=5400|cargoclass=XL|volume=77|minprice=275200|aveprice=299200|maxprice=323100}} |} Primarily found on {{M7class}} and {{M7Mclass}} ships, these heavy shields are a balance between heavy protection and compact form. || ===2 GJ=== {| |- style="vertical-align:top;" |{{Shieldinfo|ware=2 GJ Shield|shieldstr=2000|powerreq=2000|recharge=5100|cargoclass=XL|volume=222|minprice=703000|aveprice=747900|maxprice=792800}} |} Primarily found on {{M1class}} and {{M2class}} ships. These heavy shields are currently the most protective units available to mobile units. |} ===Stations=== Stations feature heavy shields, ranging from light 9 GJ installations to massive 40 GJ arrays. ===Notes=== If the encyclopedia is correct, it appears that 1 GJ shields recharge more quickly than 2 GJ shields. However, units are not provided for the recharge values, so it may represent time required to recharge. [[Category:Wares]]