{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Silkworm Missile|Yield=19000|Speed=190|Range=28.4|Cooldown=|Seeker=Autonomous|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Silkworm Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=2|minprice=4295|aveprice=5052|maxprice=5809}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Silkworm is an old missile, now in the medium class, suitable for fighter combat. It is devastatingly effective against [[M4+]] and [[M4]] class vessels, although it will require a few of these to take down an [[M3]] or [[M3+]] vessel. It has a good speed/power balance and [[Missiles#Overview|tracking ability]].

===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Silkworm Missile combines the quantum technology with a warhead able to destroy even heavily protected targets. This missile will be typically used for attacks on large fighters or transports.

==Commentary==
A slow but quite powerful and cheap anti fighter missile, this is typically the heaviest missile compatible with the [[TS]] class. Its damage is enough to one hit kill most M4s but its speed means it is greatly inferior in performance to the [[Wildfire Missile]] in its role. Despite this, the Silkworm is wider in its usage due to higher damage output, making it deadly in any large numbers to [[M3]]s and even [[M6]]s when used in bulk, thus making freighters very dangerous when used intelligently. If this missile's original target is destroyed before it is reached, it will acquire a new enemy target. And unlike the Wildfire, the Silkworm is purchasable, from any [[Silkworm Missile Factory]] you come across.

The Silkworm is even compatible with the [[Discoverer|Argon Advanced Discoverer]], the [[Kestrel|Teladi Kestrel]], and the [[Fujin|Yaki Fujin]]; they are the only three craft in their [[M5|class]] to carry it along with the [[Remote Guided Warhead]], posing surprising threats to [[M4]]-[[M6]] craft.
{{Missile Navbox}}