{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Sirokos
|Faction=OTAS
|Class={{M7Mclass}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|OTAS Legend|}}
|Minspeed=65.4
|Maxspeed=111.2
|Minaccel=6
|Maxaccel=11
|Minsteer=2.0
|Maxsteer=3.5
|Hull=90000
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=3000
|Shieldreactor=5900 
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=2500
|Maxcargo=4750
|Lasercap=50500
|Laserrecharge=
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">

{{Missileturret|Slot=Main|Lcount=8}}
{{Missileturret|Slot=2nd|Lcount=8}}

{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}

</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Sirokos is the [[OTAS]] boarding craft, and the only ship dedicated solely to this role.

==Background==
Specifically designed around boarding and capturing enemy craft, the Sirokos heavy capture frigate is in a class of its own when it comes to seizing ships.
==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
Since it cannot fire any missiles except Boarding Pods (and [[Mosquito Missile]]s in AP, and it has only a basic rear turret for protection, you should never allow the Sirokos to engage directly in combat.  Use other ships to clear fighters and take down your target's shields before firing the Boarding Pods from the Sirokos.
== Equipment ==
The Sirokos is a specialized [[:Category:Boarding Ship|boarding ship]]. As such it can only launch [[boarding pods]].

In the [[X-universe]], the Sirokos has the largest [[Marines]] capacity among M7M craft, at 30 marines to its counterparts' 20.

== Availability ==

The OTAS Sirokos is purchasable at the OTAS Shipyard in Legend's Home, after you reach maximum rank with OTAS.

In Albion Prelude, you must meet the Argon reputation requirement instead, making the Sirokos easier to qualify for.

== Suggested Roles==

As capital ships can carry a maximum of 21 soldiers during boarding operations, the 30 soldiers aboard the Sirokos are too many, and can even annoy the player, because you will have to deselect 9 marines before launching boarding pods, otherwise, 9 of your marines wont board the targeted ship and will wander in space until be vaporized by the ship's turrets. As this ship is harmless, you will have to use another ship to attack shields and maintain them down, that will complicate a lot boarding operations.

The Sirokos is best used for boarding difficult targets like Xenon capitals, where the 21 marines it can launch will have much better chance against internal defences then the usual 20. A must have for Xenon boarding ops.

== See Also==

{{M7M}}