<!-- source file: index__q9b8c651fce8d.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Skate |Faction=Boron |Class={{M3+class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock| | 5984203}} |Minspeed=62.4 |Maxspeed=156 |Minaccel=11 |Maxaccel=29 |Minsteer=16 |Maxsteer=40 |Hull=11250 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=75 |Shieldreactor= 1160 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=145 |Maxcargo=320 |Lasercap=7800 |Laserrecharge=195 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Skate Prototype |Faction=Boron |Class={{M3+class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=122.4 |Maxspeed=180 |Minaccel=23 |Maxaccel=35 |Minsteer=23.5 |Maxsteer=42 |Hull=10,000 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=75 |Shieldreactor= 1000 |Cargoclass=M |Mincargo=170 |Maxcargo=275 |Lasercap=7800 |Laserrecharge=195 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== A very capable M3+ fighter, the Boron Skate is versatile and quick, but suffers poor shielding and a large profile. It is probably the only effective Boron fighter in the fleet with the possible exception of its prototype variant. The Skate's main drawback is its price: like all ships of its class, it is overpriced, at marginally more than double the price of the basic M3, so is best used as a personal fighter rather than a fleet one. A note for the curious: the Skate's wingspan exceeds the width of most TM berths. Fortunately, it seems to dock perfectly well without complications. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The Royal Boron Navy wisely waited to see how Bala Gi's M3 Plus offerings were accepted before developing its own version. The Skate is the result and is an extremely capable heavy fighter. ==Variants== ===Skate=== The standard Skate against which the Prototype is compared. ===Skate Prototype=== The Prototype Skate is faster and more agile than the standard version, but has a slightly smaller shield generator and a smaller cargo bay. It is still large enough for ammo supplies. ==Physical Characteristics== Its hull is curiously shaped, with four wings arranged in a cross shape, and a short nose. It is famed for being nigh-on impossible to miss with weapons fire due to its large cross-section, Though with that said it is a very good looking ship. == Combat == The Skate performs reasonably well in combat with well-rounded stats, but its weak shielding for its class and high price as an M3+ makes it impractical for fleet combat. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] | *[[Disruptor Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile]] *[[Tempest Missile]] | *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Cyclone Missile]] *[[Tornado Missile]] *[[Aurora Missile]] | *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Beluga Missile]] *[[Hammerhead Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] | *[[Firelance Missile]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] *[[Windstalker Missile]] *[[Banshee Missile]] |} Its laser generator is good, and it can use the ammunition-based [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]] effectively due to its improved cargo space over the Barracuda and M3 class in general. Its front and rear turrets allow it good coverage for missile and additional fighter defence, using mid-range lasers such as the Phased Repeater Gun. == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="{{Colour/Boron}}" ! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !! [[Great Reef]] !! [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]] |- | Skate || x || x || x || x || x || || |} The Prototype is not purchasable, but is available as an [[Ownerless ships|ownerless ship]] in Terran Conflict. == Suggested Roles== It is best used in conjunction with a carrier or TM class ship, since, like all fighters, it cannot hold enough jump fuel for extended operations, and its reliance on ammunition for its staple weaponry makes this worse. == See Also== {{M3+}} {{Boron Navbox}}