{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Skiron
|Faction=OTAS
|Class={{M6+class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Argon|Federation Guardian 14482401}}
|Minspeed=74.5
|Maxspeed=149
|Minaccel=6
|Maxaccel=12
|Minsteer=1.4
|Maxsteer=2.9
|Hull=53600 / 214,400 (AP)
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=5
|Maxshieldstrength=1000
|Shieldreactor= 2800
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=500
|Maxcargo=975
|Lasercap=14500
|Laserrecharge=435 / 1750 (AP)
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
[[OTAS]]'s offering in the [[M6]] category is a good all-round ship with a tough hide, sharp teeth and long legs. It ranks at the top of the purchasable heavy corvette designs, and like all its OTAS stablemates is an excellent choice of ship.  It is fairly expensive for its class at over 14 million credits per unit.

==Background==
The Skiron represents a significant advance in OTAS corvette design, with most areas of its capability being enhanced compared to previous moments.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Skiron is one of the more aesthetically pleasing M6+ Heavy Corvettes. It features a long, thin and streamlined body, presenting a rather small frontal target. Unfortunately due to its cylindrical hull shape, it has a fairly large side, as well as Top/Bottom profile. The Skiron offers an excellent first person view, with the player camera situated conveniently on the nose of the vessel. The Skiron possesses 8 forward firing lasers, 2 rotating turrets located midship, and 1 turret located in the rear of the ship, between 2 of the larger engines.

== Combat ==
The Skiron's rear point defence turrets offer excellent coverage above and behind the ship, but its underside is horribly vulnerable to enemy fire. This can easily be rectified with sufficient maneuvering. With 1,000 MJ of shielding, this ship is tougher than most other M6+ Heavy Corvettes, and M6 Corvettes, though its hull is on the weak side. It is, however, not invincible. Concentrated fire WILL destroy your ship very quickly. As such, getting into a close range gunfight with heavier capital ships such as the Xenon Q can be very risky. The Skiron also has a worse turn rate than a Mercury freighter; dogfighting with large groups of fighters, particularly the devilishly quick M5s, is not recommended unless you are a skilled and experienced Skiron pilot, or a suicidal maniac. Because of its inherent weakness in the turns, you will often find yourself relying on Missiles to swat fighters from a safe distance. It partially makes up for this by having a very high speed for an M6 with a top speed of just under 150m/s, making it good at intercepting fighters and running away from powerful capital ships; it can outrun most things that it cannot outgun. It possesses a very good laser recharge rate for its class, allowing it to keep up a good barrage of fire, which comes in handy against targets like frigates and other M6 class ships. The Skiron possesses a fairly decent cargobay size and has a wide number of loadout options, allowing it to carry a variety of missiles suitable for most tasks while still having plenty of space to spare for the energy cells needed to fuel a Jumpdrive.

This ship fares better with the more accurate, less energy-draining [[Particle Accelerator Cannon|PAC]] in the turrets than the energy-hungry [[Phased Repeater Gun|PRG]], cargobay-hungry [[Energy Bolt Chaingun|EBC]] or slow and inaccurate [[High Energy Plasma Thrower|HEPT]], as this allows it to score on its enemies without any serious penalty to the weapon energy on the forward batteries.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Hornet Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
|
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
The Skiron is available from the [[OTAS]] Shipyard in [[Legend's Home]] upon the attainment of sufficient [[Argon]] notoriety, and is also given as an OTAS corporation reward.

== Suggested Roles==
<nowiki>Pirate Hunting,
Out of System Patrols,

Freighter Escort,

Sector Scouting,

Missile Platform,

Fleet Resupply Corvette

</nowiki>

== See Also==


{{M6+}}