{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Skirnir
|Faction=ATF
|Class={{M7Mclass}}
|Priceblock={{priceblock||51426360}}
|Minspeed=45.5
|Maxspeed=91
|Minaccel=6
|Maxaccel=13
|Minsteer=0.5
|Maxsteer=1.0
|Hull=280000 / 1120000 (AP)
|Maxshield=2 GJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=8000
|Shieldreactor= 12500
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=5500
|Maxcargo=9500
|Lasercap=71900
|Laserrecharge=1617
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=8}}
{{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=8}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The single most powerful missile frigate, and through that possessing the accolade of the single most powerful ship in the game, a fully loaded Skirnir can destroy an entire race, let alone an entire Sector. It is purely a warship however as unlike all other M7Ms with the exception of the Aquilo, it is incapable of launching [[Boarding Pods]].

==Background==
The Skirnir is a formidable warship with the capacity to launch a large number of different weapons at installations and capital ships.
==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
Like all M7Ms, the ATF Skirnir is capable of destroying any target from long range. It is unique in its use of the [[Shadow Missile]] and [[Ghoul Missile]], the more dangerous and more compact [[Terran]] equivalents of the [[Hammer Heavy Torpedo]] and [[Flail Barrage Missile]], respectively. As it has the largest cargo hold in its class, the Skirnir's offensive capabilities are limited only by the availability of a reliable and large supply of its missiles.

The Skirnir, with greater shielding and more rear turret gunslots than any other missile frigate, has a good chance of surviving a close range encounter, and can equip the [[Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher]] to discourage pursuing corvettes or the [[Starburst Shockwave Cannon]] for powerful fighter defense and even general attack given this ship's excellent laser generator. Although the Skirnir has greater defenses than its fellow M7Ms, it is still vulnerable to a concerted attack and is best used as a launch platform from a safe distance.

== Equipment ==
'''Missiles'''
*[[Shadow Missile]]
*[[Ghoul Missile]]

'''Built-In Equipment'''
*Fight Command Software Mk1
*Fight Command Software Mk2

== Availability ==
In Albion Prelude, the Skirnir is sold at [[The Moon]] shipyard.

In Terran Conflict, the Skirnir can only be acquired by [[boarding|pirating]] one from an ATF patrol; not a simple proposition. It can be found escorting larger ATF ships or, more typically, being escorted by several [[Vali|ATF Vali]] corvettes in small patrol groups.

== Suggested Roles==
Anything involving leaving no survivors: can level a large portion of the galaxy before even rearming; just remember that the Skirnir cannot launch [[boarding]] operations!

This is the closest thing, that the player can come to a Death Star. It can kill anything except planets, and if given the chance, it would probably be able to do that as well!

== See Also==
*[[Aegir|ATF Aegir]]

{{M7M}}
{{ATF Navbox}}