{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Springblossom
|Faction=Terran
|Class={{M6class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Warrior of Io| 6054548 }}
|Minspeed=90
|Maxspeed= 360
|Minaccel=9
|Maxaccel=39
|Minsteer=3.0
|Maxsteer=6.0
|Hull=45000 / 180000 (AP)
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=600
|Shieldreactor= 3800 
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=700
|Maxcargo=2000
|Lasercap= 19000 
|Laserrecharge=570 / 1800 (AP)
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=1|pmaml=1|pssc=1
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=1|pmaml=1|pssc=1
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=1|pmaml=1|pssc=1
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=1|pmaml=1|pssc=1
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The fastest [[M6]] in the known universe, the [[Aldrin]]-designed '''Springblossom''' also mounts very heavy weaponry and comes at a knock-down price. It is arguably one of the two most popular corvettes in the game ([[Hyperion]] is the other).

==Background==
The Springblossom class was originally a derivation of the Winterblossom design used to first explore the gate network. This version seems to be modified for other uses besides exploration.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Springblossom resembles a bullet with four rear-sweeping fins at the points of a square.  It is light gray with red trim, and bears some Aldrin decals.

== Combat ==
The Springblossom is quick enough to strike an enemy and withdraw without the opponent's turrets ever even being brought to bear. By this point, it is too late for most opponents, and nearly too late for the rest.

Its main guns are very difficult to bring to bear against smaller targets such as fighters because they are spaced so far apart that firing at the targetting reticle will only result in the shots going around the target on both sides.  However, the left and right turrets can fire forward somewhat above the boresight and, once equipped with the [[Prototype Starburst Shockwave Cannon]], even vanilla turret AI can swat fighters effortlessly.  This, combined with the Springblossom's unusually high speed, allows it hunt down and exterminate fighters like no other ship in the game (and with the [[Turbo Booster]] from the [[bonus pack]], there is no escape even for the fastest of typically-encountered [[M5]] scouts).

Against larger targets, the spacious cargo bay can facilitate the ammo-based [[Prototype Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher]] for the Springblossom's main guns with plenty of room left for missile ([[Spectre Missile]] or [[Poltergeist Missile]] only), drone, or even lasertower deployment.  This allows the Springblossom to potentially engage and destroy any enemy in the game, but anything larger than another [[M6]] will take time and require caution as the Springblossom's shields will fold quickly under capital-ship weaponry (and accidentally running into a [[Tomahawk Heavy Missile]] or like munition usually spells instant death).

== Equipment ==
In 14 guns across an 8-gun main and 3 turrets, the Springblossom can mount only the unique Aldrin weaponry - the EEMPC, PM/AML, or PSSC, though equally in any mount. Has an unusually large rear turret (4-gun).

== Availability ==
The Springblossom is available at either of the two [[Aldrin Ship Production Base]]s in Aldrin orbit.

== Suggested Roles==
Good as a player ship, the Springblossom's speed and fighter-destroying prowess make it the perfect choice for a rapid response unit, jumping into [[sectors]] where your assets are under attack and quickly neutralizing every threat in the Sector.

The Springblossom is also an excellent taxi, especially with  with the bonus pack afterburner. This is an ideal way to raise your Terran rank, as speed is vastly more useful than anything else in Terran space, and the Springblossom has the cargo space to handle large taxi runs and still run the afterburner.

A fair choice for moderate OoS patrol if equipped with PSSC all around (as energy drain doesn't matter), though somewhat light on shielding.

== See Also==

{{M6}}
{{Aldrin Navbox}}