<!-- source file: index__q92d326b4cee4.html -->

{{See also|Economy}} Space stations are the hub of all space-borne activity. All races meet and conduct transactions aboard space stations. Frequently, stations are the host to [[missions|missions or offers]]. == Quirks == {{See also|Complex}} Most stations primarily exist to manufacture and sell goods which may be traded to generate profits. It should be noted that NPC stations frequently have different resource requirements to an equivalent player-owned factory. Infobox data on these pages will issue the stats for player-owned factories, with NPC fab requirements in the article text. Stations can also be connected together to create a [[Complex]] using Complex Construction kits. A list of stations follows. == Station Types == {| style="clear:both;" |- valign="top" | style="width:36%;padding-right:5em;" | ===Economic stations=== These stations produce organic and technological goods that can be traded for profit and often supply raw materials to other factories; *[[Bio Gas Factory]] *[[Bliss Place]] *[[BoFu Chemical Lab]] *[[Cahoona Bakery]] *[[Carbo Cake Factory]] *[[Cattle Ranch]] *[[Chelt Space Aquarium]] *[[Chip Plant]] *[[Complex Construction Kit]] *[[Complex Hub]] *[[Computer Plant]] *[[Crystal Fab]] *[[Disintegrator Rifles Fab]] *[[Dream Farm]] *[[EMP Rifle Assembly Facility]] *[[Flower Farm]] *[[Food Preparation Facility]] *[[Hull Plating Production Facility]] *[[Ice Harvesting Facility]] *[[Low-yield Sidearms Fab]] *[[Massom Mill]] *[[Ore Mine]] *[[Plankton Farm]] *[[Protein Paste Blending Facility]] *[[Quantum Tube Fab]] *[[Rastar Refinery]] *[[Rimes Fact]] *[[Scruffin Farm]] *[[Silicon Mine]] *[[Snail Ranch]] *[[Solar Power Plant]] *[[Soyery]] *[[Soyfarm]] *[[Space Fuel Distillery]] *[[Space Jewellery]] *[[Stock Exchange]] *[[Stott Mixery]] *[[Sun Oil Refinery]] *[[Teladianium Foundry]] *[[USC Food Supply Factory]] *[[Water Purification Plant]] *[[Weapon Component Factory]] *[[Wheat Farm]] | style="width:55%;padding-right:5em;" | ===Military Stations=== These stations produce military hardware for ships&lt;br> (which can also be traded for profit); {| ! Durable Goods !! Expendable Munitions Factories |- valign="top" | *[[Advanced Drone Factory]] *[[Advanced Satellite Factory]] *[[Aldrin Weapon Production Base]] *[[Cluster Flak Array Forge]] *[[Concussion Impulse Generator Forge]] *[[Drone Factory]] *[[Drone Production Facility]] *[[Electro-Magnetic Plasma Cannon Forge]] *[[Energy Bolt Chaingun Forge]] *[[Flak Artillery Array Forge]] *[[Fragmentation Bomb Launcher Forge]] *[[Gauss Cannon Forge]] *[[Heavy Shield Production Complex]] *[[Heavy Weapons Complex]] *[[High Energy Plasma Thrower Forge]] *[[Impulse Ray Emitter Forge]] *[[Incendiary Bomb Launcher Forge]] *[[Ion Cannon Forge]] *[[Ion Disruptor Forge]] *[[Ion Pulse Generator Forge]] *[[Ion Shard Railgun Forge]] *[[Keris Drone Factory]] *[[Lasertower Factory]] *[[Light Shield Production Complex]] *[[Light Weapons Complex]] *[[Marine Training Barracks]] *[[Mass Driver Forge]] *[[Matter/Anti-matter Launcher Forge]] *[[Medium Shield Production Complex]] *[[Medium Weapons Complex]] *[[Mobile Drilling System Factory]] *[[Particle Accelerator Cannon Forge]] *[[Phased Repeater Gun Forge]] *[[Phased Shockwave Generator Forge]] *[[Photon Pulse Cannon Forge]] *[[Plasma Burst Generator Forge]] *[[Point Singularity Projector Forge]] *[[Pulsed Beam Emitter Forge]] *[[Recon Drone Construction Facility]] *[[Rehabilitation Facility]] *[[Satellite Factory]] *[[Shield Prod. Facility 1MJ]] *[[Shield Prod. Facility 5MJ]] *[[Shield Prod. Facility 25MJ]] *[[Shield Prod. Facility 200MJ]] *[[Shield Prod. Facility 1GJ]] *[[Shield Prod. Facility 2GJ]] *[[Special Weapons Production Complex]] *[[Starburst Shockwave Cannon Forge]] *[[Tractor Beam Factory]] | *[[Ammunition Factory]] *[[Aurora Missile Factory]] *[[Cyclone Missile Factory‏‎]] *[[Dragonfly Missile Factory]] *[[Dumbfire Missile Production Complex]] *[[Energy Bolt Chaingun Ammunition Forge]] *[[Firefly Missile Factory]] *[[Firestorm Torpedo Factory]] *[[Flail Missile Production Facility]] *[[Gauss Cannon Ammunition Forge]] *[[Ghoul Missile Manufacturing Plant]] *[[Hammer Torpedo Fabrication Facility]] *[[High Yield Production Complex]] *[[Hornet Missile Factory]] *[[Hurricane Missile Factory]] *[[Image Recognition Production Complex]] *[[Ion Mine Fab]] *[[Matter/Anti-Matter Mine Fab]] *[[Matter/Anti-Matter Warhead Production Fab]] *[[Mosquito Missile Factory]] *[[Phantom Missile Production Facility]] *[[Poltergeist Missile Production Facility]] *[[Seeker Missile Production Complex]] *[[Shadow Missile Construction Facility]] *[[Silkworm Missile Factory]] *[[Spectre Missile Production Facility]] *[[SQUASH Mine Factory]] *[[Swarm Missile Production Complex]] *[[Thunderbolt Missile Factory]] *[[Tomahawk Missile Manufacturing Plant]] *[[Tornado Missile Factory]] *[[Tracker Mine Factory]] *[[Typhoon Missile Factory]] *[[Wasp Missile Factory]] *[[Wraith Missile Production Plant]] |} |} ==Special stations== The function of a few stations is shrouded in secrecy. *Argon Secret Service Outpost *Federal Argon Installation *Paranid Communications Facility *Royal Boron Research Station The following Terran stations are unique to the Terran race. * [[Orbital Defence Station]] * [[Orbital Patrol Base]] * [[USC Orbital Support Station]] * [[Earth Torus]] Shipyards and Docks are common to all races, provide a few race-unique products, and serve the hardware needs of all visitors alike. {| |- valign="top" | style="width:45%;padding-right:5em;" | ===Shipyards=== '''[[Shipyard]]s''' are the source for all stations and ships, each race has a few. Shipyards can repair docked ships. * [[Federal Argon Shipyard]] ** [[OTAS Shipyard]] * [[Royal Boron Shipyard]] * [[Paranid Shipyard]] * [[Split Shipyard]] * [[Teladi Shipyard]] * [[Terran Shipyard]] ** [[Aldrin Ship Production Base]] * [[Yaki Shipyard]] | style="width:45%;padding-right:5em;" | ===Docks=== Docks typically host trading functions, permitting traders to buy and sell resources at stable prices. In addition docks typically have some form of ship upgrade service, equipment docks specialize in this and often cooperate with nearby shipyards to fit out new ships. *[[Equipment Dock]] *[[Military Outpost]], [[Military Base]] (Terran) *[[Pirate Base]] *[[Trading Station]] *[[Headquarters]] (Player-owned) |} ==Sortable Lists== *[[List of Argon Factories:XTC]] *[[List of Boron Factories:XTC]] *[[List of Paranid Factories:XTC]] *[[List of Split Factories:XTC]] *[[List of Teladi Factories:XTC]] *[[List of Terran Factories:XTC]] == See Also == {{Trading}}