{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Sturgeon
|Faction= Boron
|Class={{TS+class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock||1,831,183 }}
|Minspeed= 40.0
|Maxspeed= 64.0
|Minaccel= 1
|Maxaccel= 2
|Minsteer= 3
|Maxsteer= 6
|Hull= 66,900
|Maxshield= 200 MJ
|Shieldslots= 1
|Maxshieldstrength= 200
|Shieldreactor= 1250
|Cargoclass= XL
|Mincargo= 7500
|Maxcargo= 16500
|Lasercap= 1400
|Laserrecharge= 13
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Back
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=1
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Boron Sturgeon, introduced in Albion Prelude, is the Boron's entry in the new set of TS+ Heavy Transporters designed to compete with the [[Mistral Super Freighter|OTAS Mistral Super Freighter]].  It moves at a glacial pace, but has an enviable cargo bay. It makes an excellent fleet supply transporter or CLS ship, but is outclassed as a CAG or Mk3 Trader by other TS+ ships thanks to its slow speed.
==Background==
The Boron Sturgeon is a heavily armored alternative to the aging Dolphin. Still undergoing development, the design remains subject to unexpected system errors and navigation issues. Despite these flaws, the Kingdom of Boron is continuing funding for further development of the ship. Deemed sufficiently stable for public use, the prototype was released to market a few months ago. The latest version has received updates to its navigation system, but is otherwise no different from its first iteration.
==Physical Characteristics==
The Sturgeon looks much like a long Dolphin, but much more elegant. While the Dolphin leaves its storage crates "bare," the Sturgeon covers them with what looks like a green metal tarp. The crates can still be seen from the ventral side of the ship.
== Combat ==
Like any other TS, the Sturgeon is nearly defenseless. It does mount 200MJ shields and up to 4 lasers, but it does not have the laser generator to power the [[High Energy Plasma Thrower|HEPT]]. It can, however, also mount the energy-efficient [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]] and the Sturgeon has cargo space to spare for ammunition.
== Equipment ==
'''Built-In Equipment'''
*[[Cargo Lifesupport System]]

'''Missiles'''
{|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
{| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3"
|- style="{{Colour/Boron}}"
! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !!  [[Great Reef]] !!  [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]] 
|-
| Sturgeon ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || x ||
|}
== Suggested Roles==
Thanks to its slow speed, the Sturgeon is outclassed by the [[Drake|Split Drake]] in most respects, despite its larger cargo bay, except for tasks that do not require speed to outrun other freighters. This makes the Sturgeon excellent for CLS work among your own factories, or as a fleet resupply ship, thanks to its ability to carry 16,500 cargo units.

== See Also==
{{TS+}}
{{TS+category}}
[[Category:Boron ships]]
{{Boron Navbox}}