{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Susanowa
|Faction=Yaki
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 2185329}}
|Minspeed=95.0
|Maxspeed=209.0
|Minaccel=21
|Maxaccel=48
|Minsteer=25.5
|Maxsteer=56.2
|Hull=7000 / 14000 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=50
|Shieldreactor= 750
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=69
|Maxcargo=87
|Lasercap=6200
|Laserrecharge=155
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Susanowa Hauler
|Faction=Yaki
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=85.0
|Maxspeed=187.0
|Minaccel=19
|Maxaccel=43
|Minsteer=21.7
|Maxsteer=47.7
|Hull=
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=2
|Maxshieldstrength=50
|Shieldreactor= 750
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=93
|Maxcargo= 152
|Lasercap=6200
|Laserrecharge=750
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Susanowa Prototype
|Faction=Yaki
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=89.0
|Maxspeed=267.0
|Minaccel=27
|Maxaccel=83
|Minsteer=29.9
|Maxsteer=65.7
|Hull=10,400
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=75
|Shieldreactor= 825
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=93
|Maxcargo=152
|Lasercap= 7,500
|Laserrecharge=190
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant= Susanowa Raider
|Faction=Yaki
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=120.0
|Maxspeed=264.0
|Minaccel=27
|Maxaccel=61
|Minsteer=29.1
|Maxsteer=64.0
|Hull=6650 / 13300 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=1
|Maxshieldstrength=25
|Shieldreactor= 825
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=50
|Maxcargo= 120
|Lasercap= 7440
|Laserrecharge=186
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
Although weak and easy to kill, the Susanowa is fast and packs a surprising punch.

==Background==
The Susanowa is the heavy fighter-class of the pirate faction, the Yaki. Its full capabilities have not yet been determined.

==Variants==
===Susanowa===
The standard version of the Susanowa.
===Susanowa Hauler===
Like other Hauler variants, this ship is slower, but has nearly double the cargo capacity of the standard ship.
===Susanowa Prototype===
The Prototype model is very deadly. It is extremely fast and with good firepower. Combining these features with decent protection and its ability to mount the devastating [[Plasma Burst Generator]], this makes it one of the nastiest [[M3]] fighters.

===Susanowa Raider===
The Raider variant, unusual for most Raider ships, actually has more cargo capacity than the standard version with 120 units, but it still only mounts 1 25 MJ shield instead of the standard version's 2.

==Physical Characteristics==
The Susanowa is essentially identical to the [[Paranid]] [[Perseus]].

== Combat ==
Due to its poor shielding capacity for its class, combat in the Susanowa takes care and attention given to evasion. The tactic of drawing off targets and walloping then one at a time is best for this ship. It should stay on the edge of a fight as if it gets into the middle, its survival probability is low.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
The standard Susanowa is available at the Yaki shipyard in Senator's Badlands. The variants must be captured by forcing the pilots to bail.
== Suggested Roles==
With performance characteristics similar to the [[Mamba]], the Susanowa is an effective wingman or swarm fighter although the low shielding makes it vulnerable to attrition.  The Prototype variant is the fastest ship in the universe that's capable of mounting the powerful Plasma Burst Generator, but the small cargo space when compared to the Mamba restrict it to be a carrier-based fighter only.

== See Also==
{{M3}}

{{Yaki Navbox}}