<!-- source file: index__q100f1484883e.html -->

== General discussion == Thanks madned for recovering a lot of the wiki and adding a lot of pages! Guys, what do you think of the new main page? Any new pages that should be added? : needs a picture or something. clean and to the point otherwise. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 14:52, 3 March 2011 (CST) rexde500: Just installed some new spam filter plugin. The old 1 was incompatible with the new PHP version. This is why there was so much spam lately. I hope it is over now. EJ: Hi, just wondering if you wanted a little random quote box? I think it'd be cool, and it can be done. Aslo, mistake on the page, icex2 1 links to niv asteroids. -------- And now it needs renaming to actually say that it's a nividium asteroid list! [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] MotB: Is there anyone who can get rid of the obscene amounts of spam which've been popping up? We're working on it. The only one who might have the necessary priviliges is Rex. We need to tighten up our user creation to stop bots getting through and then start deleting pages and users, neither of which I can do with Beurocrat admin rights. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 09:00, 29 January 2011 (CST) ill have a look Spam and vandalism's on the rise again. Anyone left who can sort it out? I guess that without admin intervention, the only way to at least hold the front would be to use a revert-bot... [[User:SirDarius|SirDarius]] 15:45, 13 September 2011 (CDT) ------------------------------------------------- Hey guys. Obviously, whatever anti-bot/spam tactics you guys usually use don't seem to be working terribly well. I think what you need (and I'm sorry that I'm not the person to help you implement this) is to add more CAPTCHAs to the website. For instance, people can edit articles and pages and such without ever having to prove that they're not a robot. Forcing a captcha question/answer before allowing the edit to be completed would cut down on the spam a lot, since the current spam bot doesn't seem to be too sophisticated. ~MagicSquid We kind of realised that whatever antispam measures the moderators have in place aren't working. The problem is that there doesn't seem to be anyone around with the privileges necessary to change them, so we're stuck like this. Seconded, the course of action that I'm starting to consider would be to actually export all pages, and create a clone of this site on a new host, with proper administration :( [[User:SirDarius|SirDarius]] 13:44, 14 September 2011 (CDT) -------- Hello everyone, Ill try to add better spam measures this week! Sorry for my inactivity but I just moved country and am really busy. Rexde500 --[[User:Rexde500|Rexde500]] 03:04, 26 September 2011 (CDT) Yes! Thank you, Rexde. You can't deny Real Life. :) About the Boarding page, just leave it to the spambot and use a duplicate which the spambot isn't targeting, [[Bigship Boarding]]. If there aren't any links to the original, or if it's deleted, then it doesn't matter that it's being vandalised. The cat spam protection has now been implemented. == Stock Exchange == I'd like to put information and a small guide about this on the wiki. I do not have access to create pages as far as I can tell. == More detail. == I am just learning to play the game and I am wondering if it would be helpful if I were to post the things I found really difficult to locate. For example how to repair your ship. One that I havn't found an answer for is what is the difference between the ships that have S, M, and L designations? I see them in the Federal Argon Shipyard, but they only seem to stock the S versions of everything. The manual seems a bit lacking in a lot of areas. : The S, M, L are loadout options. You get what you pay for. E.g. a TS S might have one 1MJ shield, while the L has three 25MJ (or what ever the max load of max shields for the ship). >> manual seems a bit lacking : That is part of the fun of figuring out How Things (Really) Work. (Or (Sometimes) Not.) ;) == Changes for AP == Is there any plan for updating pages to reflect the stats in AP? There are a couple that I have seen but haven't updated because I am not sure how best to proceed. : it is a bit of history problem. I think the protocol is latest patch version. but not sure how that applies between what appears to be new games. As an interim measure, I'd suggest cloning the affected variant and labeling it (AP) and append it to the variant stack. optionally alter the infobox to include a game version tag or something. Up to you if you want to split it off into it's own page or keep it with the rest of the variants, for the first couple i'd suggest keeping things together. after we've got a few then it may make sense to split them off into a albion prelude section of their own, depending on the scale of changes. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 19:21, 17 February 2012 (CST) Could I get some assistance with the separation? I had started to update the stats not realizing that there was differentiation between AP and TC. Some help adding to and splitting the ship data would be wonderful and appreciated. [[User:Sadron|Sadron]] 00:43, 21 February 2012 (CST) : hmm, perhaps I'm not being clear. a frequent problem for me. anyway, what i'm suggesting, is instead of a big huge project. where you essentially replicate pages for AP, just add new variants to the affected ship pages. ie: for nova &lt;pre>{{Infobox variant |Variant=Nova (AP) |Faction=Argon |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Argon Accepted Advisor|2420118}} |Minspeed=60 |Maxspeed= 150 |Minaccel= 10.99 |Maxaccel= 27.48 |Minsteer=21.51 |Maxsteer= 53.78 |Hull=20000 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=75 |Shieldreactor= 750 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo= 86 |Maxcargo=236 |Lasercap= 5600 |Laserrecharge= 140 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }}&lt;/pre> : just chuck something like that with the info updated just before the &lt;nowiki>{{infobox close}}&lt;/nowiki> call. All I did there was copy the lead variant and change the variant name to include (AP) at the end. That way when you slowly collect the changes you want to have without having to make lots of new pages and then you can copy and paste them later when you're ready to start moving stuff around. Not certain what sort of help you'd need with that. If you're thinking of something else, lay your plan out so we can see. The problem with a parallel AP line is that there'd be a lot of orphan articles until you tie everything together. with lots of free time that's still a doable project, but somewhat daunting. If that's your goal then I'd suggest starting out with a landing pad first for Albion and then add links to that, that delays info updates though. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 18:30, 21 February 2012 (CST) == New Main Page == While the current one isn't bad, would anybody mind if I mocked-up another one in my sandbox? As in, I'm not going to bother if there's no chance it would get used, but I think we could do with a bit more useful information here, to try and attract more people deeper into the wiki. [[User:Korlus|&lt;font color="red">'''Korlus'''&lt;/font>]] - [[User talk:Korlus|&lt;sup>(talk)&lt;/sup>]] [[Special:contributions/Korlus|&lt;sub>(contribs)&lt;/sub>]] 05:24, 17 July 2013 (CDT) : I went ahead and wrote up [[Main Page/sandbox|A Sandbox]] for people to play around in if they're interested in suggesting new links etc. for the main page. I don't like half of the pages we link to currently - there are lots of better ones available. [[User:Korlus|&lt;font color="red">'''Korlus'''&lt;/font>]] - [[User talk:Korlus|&lt;sup>(talk)&lt;/sup>]] [[Special:contributions/Korlus|&lt;sub>(contribs)&lt;/sub>]] 20:50, 9 August 2013 (CDT) == XRM ? == Anyone tried/trying XRM, the rebalance mod? Am about 12 game hours into my first try, really liking it. Most all the warez are pricier, e.g. jump drives over 2M cr. Makes the early bits quite a bit more challenging, or tedious, depends how one views those things ;)