I've re-arranged the ships in the list into a double-alphabetical order of race, with major race ships listed in alphabetical order of race follwed by minor race ships listed in alphabetical order of race, like so;

Argon
Boron
Kha'ak
Paranid
Pirate
Split
Teladi
Terran
Xenon
Yaki
Aldrin
ATF
Goner
OTAS
Terraformer

The definition of "Major" and "Minor" races is a bit blurry but this is what I've decided on. Roughly, 'Major' races are ones you have distinct rep with that can be gained and lost in the usual way and have relatively full ship lists and 'Minor' races depend on another's rep and/or have relatively few different ship types.

I've also removed the Kha'ak Guardian from the list as it's an orbital defence platform rather than a carrier, and I've removed the Mobile Repair Ship because, to my knowledge, it's not in any vanilla game. A more appropriate place for this would be a special 'Non-Vanilla Ships' section, were it kept here then I for one would be very annoyed at having my hopes lifted seeing it alongside the other M1s only to have them dashed by being told it's not available!

I might move the ATF Woden there for the same reason. I'm creating the section now. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 05:11, 6 October 2010 (CDT)

------------------------

I'm looking at the Shuri and Kha'ak Hive Queen and wondering if they should be on this list. I know that they're M1 class vessels but they're pretty much indistinct from the Colossus and Kha'ak Carrier respectively. Of course they should have their own articles, but I think that these articles should be linked to from the Colossus & Hoshi and the Kha'ak Carrier articles respectively. I don't think that the ship lists, which I see being used to compare ships, should be cluttered with near-carbon-copies of other ships. Unless anyone raises an objection, I'll carry out the aforementioned edits in a few days. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 16:40, 8 October 2010 (CDT)

perhaps if they are effectively variants then they should be merged into a master page and redirect the other article to that master? The information on one if they are copies ought to apply to the other and having it replicated more or less verbatim is counter productive. On the downside, if the values do differ in some future patch you're left, at a minimum, with recreating the variant infobox. 

In the case of the shuri, having a separate entry for a different faction's version does make a little sense as then you can categorize the page separately. I am considering splitting off the pirate versions of the nova and falcon for example, they have clear connections to the main article, but do deserve mention as being different in that they were stolen/repurposed/hijacked.
[[User:Madned|Madned]] 18:11, 8 October 2010 (CDT)

----

So I was trying to make the column for the shields a bit more useful by making it sort on the actual shield value rather than the number of shields. This is what I got:


{| class="wikitable prettytable sortable" border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0" style="text-align:right;"
|+ '''M1 Carriers'''
! Name !! Race !! Class !! Speed !! Accel !! Steering !! Hull !! Shields !! Shield Reactor !! Turrets !! Laser Cap !! Laser Rchg. !! Cargo !! [[Cargo Class]] !! Hangar !! Price

|-
|[[Colossus]] || [[Argon]] || [[M1]] || 79.1 || 6.27 || 0.66 || 400,000 || 6 (3 x 2GJ) || 8,200 || 6 || 53,200 || 798 || 8,800 || XL || 60 || 67,823,098
|-
|[[Colossus Hauler]] || [[Argon]] || [[M1]] || 79.1 || 6 || 0.7 || 200,000 || 6 (6 x 1GJ) || 4,100 || 6 || 53,200 || 798 || 8,800 || XL || 60 || Not for sale
|-
|[[Odin]] || [[ATF]] || [[M1]] || 85 || 8 || 0.86 || 1,600,000 || 10 (5 x 2GJ) || 8,500 || 6 || 105,000 || 1,575 || 12,500 || XL || 44 || 67,891,874
|-
|[[Woden]] || [[ATF]] || [[M1]] || 90 || 8 || 0.8 || 200,000 || 12 (6 x 2GJ) || 9,000 || 6 || 107,000 || 1,600 || 12,000 || XL || 44 || 76,102,339
|-
|[[Shark]] || [[Boron]] || [[M1]] || 93 || 9.3 || 0.67 || 360,000 || 6 (3 x 2GJ) || 9,400 || 6 || 47,800 || 717 || 10,000 || XL || 45 || 61,790,791
|-
|[[Aran]] || [[Goner]] || [[M1]] || 12.2 || 0 || 0.08 || 340,000 || 12 (6 x 2GJ) || 34,200 || 0 || 38,500 || 578 || 120,000 || XL || 30+ || Not for sale
|-
|[[Mobile Repair Ship]] || [[Goner]] || [[M1]] || 12.2 || 0 || 0.08 || 340,000 || 12 (6 x 2GJ) || 34,200 || 0 || 38,500 || 578 || 120,000 || XL || 30 || Not for sale
|-
|[[Kha'ak Carrier]] || [[Kha'ak]] || [[M1]] || 96.9 || 11 || 0.8 || 120,000 || 8 (4 x 2GJ) || 9,400 || 6 || 28,500 || 855 || 8,000 || XL || 25 || Not for sale
|-
|[[Hive Queen]] || [[Kha'ak]] || [[M1]] || 96.9 || 11 || 0.8 || 120,000 || 18 (9 x 2GJ) || 9,400 || 6 || 28,500 || 855 || 8,000 || XL || 25 || Not for sale
|-
|[[Zeus]] || [[Paranid]] || [[M1]] || 82 || 6 || 0.6 || 400,000 || 6 (3 x 2GJ) || 8,200 || 6 || 58,500 || 877 || 8,000 || XL || 42 || 86,730,365
|-
|[[Galleon]] || [[Pirate]] || [[M1]] || 83.2 || 8 || 0.9 || 300,000 || 4 (2 x 2GJ) || 6,560 || 6 || 53,200 || 797 || 8,360 || XL || 25 || Not for sale
|-
|[[Raptor]] || [[Split]] || [[M1]] || 109.3 || 13 || 0.6 || 320,000 || 4 (2 x 2GJ) || 9,000 || 6 || 71,800 || 1,076 || 8,800 || XL || 65 || 80,276,604
|-
|[[Condor]] || [[Teladi]] || [[M1]] || 64.5 || 4 || 0.5 || 480,000 || 8 (4 x 2GJ) || 7,600 || 6 || 53,200 || 797 || 12,000 || XL || 35 || 67,952,727
|-
|[[Deca|#deca]] || [[Terraformer]] || [[M1]] || 36 || 9 || 0.9 || 900,000 || 12 (6 x 2GJ) || 9,400 || 4 || 250,000 || 3,746 || 8,000 || XL || 50 || Not for sale
|-
|[[Tokyo]] || [[Terran]] || [[M1]] || 87 || 8 || 0.8 || 340,000 || 10 (5 x 2GJ) || 10,660 || 6 || 100,000 || 3,000 || 7,040 || XL || 50 || 68,033,931
|-
|[[J]] || [[Xenon]] || [[M1]] || 89.4 || 9 || 0.9 || 480,000 || 6 (3 x 2GJ) || 9,400 || 6 || 42,500 || 637 || 8,000 || XL || 50 || Not for sale
|-
|[[Hoshi]] || [[Yaki]] || [[M1]] || 112 || 12 || 0.5 || 280,000 || 4 (2 x 2GJ) || 8,200 || 6 || 51,000 || 799 || 8,800 || XL || 40 || 79,732,059
|-
|[[Shuri]] || [[Yaki]] || [[M1]] || 79.1 || 6 || 0.7 || 400,000 || 6 (3 x 2GJ) || 8,200 || 6 || 53,200 || 797 || 8,800 || XL || 60 || Not for sale
|-
|}

I've not looked at the javascript yet, but if I were to fix it so that it did a numeric sort if the first word could be numerically parsed and fell back to the alphanumeric sort otherwise would that be something that would get published on the site?

--[[User:KayEss|KayEss]] ([[User talk:KayEss|talk]]) 07:11, 1 October 2013 (CDT)