the egosoft faq on boarding
First of all it is necessary to know which ships can be boarded. See this FAQ article.

There are 2 alternative methods of boarding, irrespective of the target which you want to board: 

1) Boarding by dropping your marines into outer space by using the command console:

The following equipment is required: 
A TP, M6 or M7M class ship.

Fight Command Software MK2.

Cargo Life Support System.

Weapons to shoot down the shields.

Marines – trained as well as possible (available to be hired and trained at most military stations).

The boarding process: 
Shoot the shields of your target down to under approx. 5%.

Position your own ship such that your own marines can reach the hostile ship’s hull (marines can fly 28m/s), and keep down the shields.

Drop the marines by using the command console ('Board Ship' in the Piracy menu, or 'Launch All Marines' in Additional Commands).

When the marines reach the ship the boarding process will start automatically. Until your Marines have breached the hull you have to keep the shields down.

After breaking through your marines will try to take over the ship (for further details please refer to the game manual).


2) Boarding by using boarding pods

The following equipment is required:
An M7M class ship (exceptions: Otas Aquilo and ATF Skirnir), or an Otas Sirokos.

Cargo Life Support System.

Weapons to shoot down the shields.

Marines – trained as well as possible (available to be hired and trained at most military stations).

The boarding process:
Shoot the shields of your target down to under approx. 5%.

Select and launch your boarding pod like a regular missile. Note that the target has to be marked as hostile (red). It is not possible to start the boarding process by using the command console of the ship.

The boarding pod will be loaded with up to 5 marines (depending how many marines you have on board). Immediately after contact with the hostile ship the boarding process will start.

Until the marines breach the hull it is necessary to keep down the shields (below 5%).

Once the hull is breached the marines will try to take over the ship (further details please refer to the game manual).

ATTENTION: Boarding pods are missiles, and they can be targeted and destroyed by hostile turrets like every other missile in the game.
[[User:Madned|Madned]] 13:51, 27 September 2010 (CDT)

==Vandals not idiots==
178.137.171.102 is a vandal, not an idiot. That IP appears on the stop spam lists.

also given the other defacements on the boarding page, I can only assume they like the appropriateness of the article topic.

Anyone else think there has been a odd drop in the number of spammer account creation listings? calm before or the stillness following a storm? [[User:Madned|Madned]] 01:19, 16 March 2011 (CDT)


Looks like 91.207.6.174 is one heck of an on-the-ball spambot. Anything anyone can do?

Couldn't the page just be locked from non-user edits?

: possibly, but requires an administrator type [[User:Madned|Madned]] 00:44, 27 August 2011 (CDT)


Hey all. I've made a duplicate page called 'Bigship Boarding'. Provided the spambots can't read, we could abandon this page and just change all the new links to the new one.