==Standard Factory==
Infoboxes and race difference boxes should be in order XL - L - M

See [[Crystal Fab]] page for an overview of how it should be done.

<pre>
__NOTOC__
{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=
|station=
|hull=
|shield=
|generator=
|hangar=
|cycle=00:00:00
|productnum=[[]] ()
|stationprice=
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] ()<br>
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
A brief overview of what the factory is and what it does.

NPC stations accept the following as secondary resources:
*

===Encyclopedia Entry===
Description as it appears in the in-game encyclopedia.

==Race-specific attributes==
{| style="text-align:right;background-color: WhiteSmoke;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5"
|+'''Factory size X'''
|-style="background-color:LightGray;text-align:center;"
!Race!!Food!!Amount!!Station Cost
|- style="{{Colour/Argon}}"
| [[Argon]] || [[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] || || {{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|}}
|- style="{{Colour/Boron}}"
| [[Boron]] || [[Bofu]] || ||{{Priceblock|Queen's Guard|}}
|- style="{{Colour/Paranid}}"
| [[Paranid]] || [[Soja Husk]] || ||{{Priceblock|Friend of Priest King|}}
|- style="{{Colour/Split}}"
| [[Split]] || [[Rastar Oil]] || ||{{Priceblock|Distinguished Associate|}}
|- style="{{Colour/Teladi}}"
| [[Teladi]] || [[Nostrop Oil]] || || {{Priceblock|Majority Shareholder|}}
|}
==Availability==
===L-type===
{| style="text-align:left;"
|- valign="top"
| '''[[Argon#Shipyards|Argon]]'''
*{{sa|Argon Prime}}
*{{sa|Argon Sector M148}}
*{{sa|Cloudbase Southeast}}
*{{sa|Legend's Home}}
*{{sa|Light of Heart}}
*{{sa|Omicron Lyrae}}
| '''[[Boron#Shipyards|Boron]]'''
*{{sa|Depths of Silence}}
*{{sa|Great Reef}}
*{{sa|Kingdom End}}
*{{sa|Lucky Planets}}
*{{sa|Ocean of Fantasy}}
*{{sa|Queen's Retribution}}
| '''[[Paranid#Shipyards|Paranid]]'''
*{{sa|Cardinal's Domain}}
*{{sa|Duke's Citadel}}
*{{sa|Heaven's Assertion}}
*{{sa|Paranid Prime}}
*{{sa|Third Redemption}}
*{{sa|Trinity Sanctum}}
| '''[[Split#Shipyards|Split]]'''
*{{sa|Cho's Defeat}}
*{{sa|Family Njy}}
*{{sa|Family Pride}}
*{{sa|Family Rhy}}
*{{sa|Family Tkr}}
*{{sa|Patriarch's Conclusion}}
*{{sa|Rhonkar's Might}}
*{{sa|Rhonkar's Trial}}
*{{sa|Zyarth's Dominion}}
| '''[[Teladi#Shipyards|Teladi]]'''
*{{sa|Ceo's Sprite}}
*{{sa|Grand Exchange}}
*{{sa|Ianamus Zura}}
*{{sa|Ministry of Finance}}
*{{sa|PTNI Headquarters}}
*{{sa|Seizewell}}
| '''[[Terran#Shipyards|Terran]]'''
*{{sa|Mars}} 
*{{sa|Saturn}} 
*{{sa|The Moon}} 
*{{sa|Terran Unknown Sector 1}}
|}

===M-type===
{| style="text-align:left;"
|- valign="top"
| '''[[Argon#Shipyards|Argon]]'''
*{{sa|Argon Prime}}
*{{sa|Argon Sector M148}}
*{{sa|Cloudbase Southeast}}
*{{sa|Legend's Home}}
*{{sa|Light of Heart}}
*{{sa|Omicron Lyrae}}
| '''[[Boron#Shipyards|Boron]]'''
*{{sa|Depths of Silence}}
*{{sa|Great Reef}}
*{{sa|Kingdom End}}
*{{sa|Lucky Planets}}
*{{sa|Ocean of Fantasy}}
*{{sa|Queen's Retribution}}
| '''[[Paranid#Shipyards|Paranid]]'''
*{{sa|Cardinal's Domain}}
*{{sa|Duke's Citadel}}
*{{sa|Heaven's Assertion}}
*{{sa|Paranid Prime}}
*{{sa|Third Redemption}}
*{{sa|Trinity Sanctum}}
| '''[[Split#Shipyards|Split]]'''
*{{sa|Cho's Defeat}}
*{{sa|Family Njy}}
*{{sa|Family Pride}}
*{{sa|Family Rhy}}
*{{sa|Family Tkr}}
*{{sa|Patriarch's Conclusion}}
*{{sa|Rhonkar's Might}}
*{{sa|Rhonkar's Trial}}
*{{sa|Zyarth's Dominion}}
| '''[[Teladi#Shipyards|Teladi]]'''
*{{sa|Ceo's Sprite}}
*{{sa|Grand Exchange}}
*{{sa|Ianamus Zura}}
*{{sa|Ministry of Finance}}
*{{sa|PTNI Headquarters}}
*{{sa|Seizewell}}
| '''[[Terran#Shipyards|Terran]]'''
*{{sa|Mars}} 
*{{sa|Saturn}} 
*{{sa|The Moon}} 
*{{sa|Terran Unknown Sector 1}}
|}

{{Stationcategory}}
</pre>

left the resources in as  an example. if we can nail down how many elements max, standard complexes can have we might be able to switch to a more individualized treatment of resources. I'd also suggest that consumption rates should probably be listed. like <nowiki>[[Energy Cells]] (75)</nowiki>

please update this as the standard format is improved.

[[User:Madned|Madned]] 19:15, 25 June 2010 (UTC)

alternatively
<pre>{{Infobox basicstation
|faction=
|station=
|hull=
|shield=
|generator=
|hangar=
|stationprice=
}}</pre>
for cases which are not factories. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 17:55, 6 January 2011 (CST)
----
updated form, added shield, hull, generator, hangar to template. shield has units of GJ, hull will have to be fully listed until some bounds are determined, hangar is bare. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 14:02, 28 September 2010 (CDT)
added faction [[User:Madned|Madned]] 19:48, 22 October 2010 (CDT)

repeat for each station variant that is different on cycle times or other fixed elements. ala [[Ammunition Factory]] [[User:Madned|Madned]] 19:58, 22 October 2010 (CDT)
----
recommend using following table if station is largely the same between races:
<pre>
{| style="text-align:right;background-color: WhiteSmoke;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5"
|+'''Racial Differences'''
|-style="background-color:LightBlue;text-align:center;"
!Race!!Food!!Amount!!Station Cost
|-
| [[Argon]] || [[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] || || {{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|}}
|-
| [[Boron]] || [[Bofu]] || ||{{Priceblock|Queen's Guard|}}
|-
| [[Paranid]] || [[Soya Husk]] || ||{{Priceblock|Friend of Priest King|}}
|-
| [[Split]] || [[Rastar Oil]] || ||{{Priceblock|Distinguished Associate|}}
|-
| [[Teladi]] || [[Nostrop Oil]] || || {{Priceblock|Majority Shareholder|}}
|}
</pre>
adjust priceblock as necessary

ALSO, suggest using priceblock for stationprice.
[[User:Madned|Madned]] 19:51, 22 October 2010 (CDT)

----
On this page we will place a table with all stations. Including name, race, resources, products. When clicking on it you will get more detailed information about this station. 

For example all the known places in a new fresh universe.


>Perhaps, instead of a giant page with a huge table on it, we could have links to pages with each race's stations on them? --[[User:Technojerk36|Technojerk36]] 19:24, 1 May 2010 (UTC)

>Problem of this would be that you cant sort anymore. The nice thing of 1 table is that you can sort on race and get all the stations of a race. But you can also sort all stations by price. Could maybe do it double? Big table and small tables?

>Yeh, go for both. Same with ships - have a big table (or a few - for other things) for comparing, then pages with details. List of race's stations/ships can simply be a sub-header of each race's page. --[[User:Dragon93|Dragon93]] 21:10, 1 May 2010 (UTC)


------------------------------

I'd like to get started on the Stations section, as it's very incomplete. We need to decide on a format for the articles, as it looks like you've got the infoboxes well in hand. Ideas? [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 15:27, 26 October 2010 (CDT)
-----------------------
My current thinking is to make single station pages and list the differences on the page. Ore mines and [[Weapon Component Factory]]s are identical between races except for pricing and relation name.<br>
There are actually very few race specific stations and it may be useful to have comparison points between races in one place rather than having to open two different pages, for example [[Crystal Fab M]]. In the case where you get process time variations just use another factory infobox like on the [[Ammunition Factory]] page. Editors will need to exercise some discretion as the differences are different for each factory. That'll cover the factories at least.<bR>
shipyards are wacky. i've got a general concept on the [[Federal Argon Shipyard]]. works well enough for a single system yard anyway, may become unwieldy for super shipyards. In that case, the Shipyard pages can double as a racial station and ship list.<br>
equipment docks and trading stations are another oddity since you're dealing with a bunch of different wares, and some of it varies sector to sector, don't have any idea on how to present that cleanly. perhaps using the shipyard style again might work.

If we're doing all sector stations then we'll need a good system for default complexes like [[Medium Shield Production Complex]]s. not entirely satisfied with the current rendering, it may be possible to utilize the sequential factory infobox style like on the ammunition factory, assuming the Default sector complexes work like 2 player factories complexed together.

Please feel free to make improvement to the style. Stations are such mercurial objects it's hard to set up a single format which will work for all of them. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 13:58, 18 November 2010 (CST)
------------------
I tend to agree that we need to limit the number of articles. Having separate articles for Crystal Fab M and L, and repeated for each race, is rather silly. We seem to be going down the track of infoboxes galore so let's think about that solution; and since Crystal Fabs represent a tricky deal let's use that as mindspace to reason this out.

My suggestion is pretty much identical to Madned's except with a few adaptations. I like the stlye used on the [[Ammunition Factory]] page but I have some better ideas here; we could break up the infoboxes and color them by race, eg. Argon are light blue, Boron are dark blue, Teladi yellow, Paranid green and Split brown (seems to be traditional colours for the races) with Terran some other color (maybe left white if possible? As they're new they don't really have a historically used colour but white would be the most logical choice). This will make finding the right infobox on the page easier as you just scan for the right colour. Hence, for Crystal Fabs, we'd have 6 infoboxes, each a different colour.

What sizes are available, M, L, XL etc, can be listed in the Availability section in the main text.

The information detailing what the preceding and succeeding factories in a loop are for each races' version of the factory also ought to be included. This is a seperate problem and there are two ways I can think of to solve it;
*More coloured infoboxes
*Listing in the main text

I think I'd go for a formatted table in the text, as we've got enough infoboxes floating around! I'm going to experiment with infobox colours now on the [[Ammunition Factory]] page. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 19:19, 18 November 2010 (CST)

Further to my previous, I've played around with the Infoboxes and managed to get the bars coloured. However, I think having the entire box that colour would be better but I can't figure out how to change the colours; Madned, you seem to know what you're doing, can you tell me how to find out what all of the following means please? 
<pre>
<tr style="text-align:center;"><th colspan="2" style="background-color:{{{colour}}};">{{{faction}}} {{{station}}}</th></tr>
</pre>
I can't find it in help pages. 

This may require text colour changes for visibility purposes; I've tried to set up an automatic switch parser function that will determine the appropriate colour from the 'faction' input but my first attempt wasn't very successful! I still think it's possible though. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 10:15, 19 November 2010 (CST)

Near as i can tell, this wiki doesn't currently support logic switching. that may change of course. you can approximate some of it with cute usage of templating and exploiting the extremely powerful way templates process as exampled with the gunslot system, 0 and 1 controlling which version of slot cell you get.<br>
I tried out the color thing on [[Weapon Component Factory]]. the line you reference uses a "colour" arguement/variable which lets you set the background color of the table header cell. I've added some links for html tutorials and should probably add something about style sheets to the help page. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 15:34, 22 November 2010 (CST)

{{infobox open}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=Argon
|station=Ammunition Factory
|hull=1000000
|shield=9
|generator=2000
|hangar=5
|cycle=00:02:48
|productnum= [[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
|stationprice={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|2830680}}
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] (42)<br>
[[Ore]] (7)<br>
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] (28)
|optresources=
}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=Split
|station=Ammunition Factory
|hull=1000000
|shield=9
|generator=2000
|hangar=5
|cycle=00:02:48
|productnum= [[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
|stationprice={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|2830680}}
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] (42)<br>
[[Ore]] (7)<br>
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] (28)
|optresources=
}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=Teladi
|station=Ammunition Factory
|hull=1000000
|shield=9
|generator=2000
|hangar=5
|cycle=00:02:48
|productnum= [[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
|stationprice={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|2830680}}
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] (42)<br>
[[Ore]] (7)<br>
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] (28)
|optresources=
}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=Boron
|station=Ammunition Factory
|hull=1000000
|shield=9
|generator=2000
|hangar=5
|cycle=00:02:48
|productnum= [[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
|stationprice={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|2830680}}
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] (42)<br>
[[Ore]] (7)<br>
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] (28)
|optresources=
}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=Paranid
|station=Ammunition Factory
|hull=1000000
|shield=9
|generator=2000
|hangar=5
|cycle=00:02:48
|productnum= [[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
|stationprice={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|2830680}}
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] (42)<br>
[[Ore]] (7)<br>
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] (28)
|optresources=
}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=Pirate
|station=Ammunition Factory
|hull=1000000
|shield=9
|generator=2000
|hangar=5
|cycle=00:02:48
|productnum= [[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
|stationprice={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|2830680}}
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] (42)<br>
[[Ore]] (7)<br>
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] (28)
|optresources=
}}
{{Infobox factory
|faction=Xenon
|station=Ammunition Factory
|hull=1000000
|shield=9
|generator=2000
|hangar=5
|cycle=00:02:48
|productnum= [[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
|stationprice={{Priceblock|Trusted Ally|2830680}}
|reqresources=[[Energy Cells]] (42)<br>
[[Ore]] (7)<br>
[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] (28)
|optresources=
}}
{{infobox close}}
Recommend avoiding dark colors for backgrounds unless you plan on changing text color to white. darker colors w/ black tends to reduce readability.
*Argon-LightBlue
*Split-Tan
*Teladi-Yellow
*Paranid-LightGreen
*Boron-Cyan


*Pirates-LightGray
*Xenon-LightRed:actually #ff3300.
*Default-LightGray

colorsamples right

Don't forget the Xenon, Pirates and Yaki.<br>
Not sure how Corporations will work in, I'd guess some derivative or the same color as the host civ. If we alter the color scheme thing to do full style entries then darker colors should also work since it ought to be possible to change the text color as well. Technically what we should do is create styles for each race type and then just use classes to handle the formatting. not entirely sure how to do that with a wiki setup. typically you'd add the classes to the main.css or whatever style sheet the page uses. also i'm not particularly good with style sheets, i can hum a few bars, but don't ask me for anything fancy. before we do that we should probably nail down the color scheme.<br>
side note, if using faction to control color scheme avoid links in the control variable. colour/Argon is different from <nowiki>colour/[[Argon]]</nowiki> also the linking mechanics seem to mess up the template processing.

Just configured a default color scheme as LightGray. It should occur if no faction is entered. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 13:33, 23 November 2010 (CST)
------------------------------------
Regarding the S,M,L,XL problem. if we use a single page to deal with all sizes, the primary problem is the varying statistics changes. I'd suggestion adopting a hyphenated or slashed display pattern. the infobox can be labeled for example Solar Power Plant (M/L/XL) and product would be Energy Cells (1106/2765/5530). as long as the reputation required doesn't change for the station type then it should also work for pricing although the number of digits will likely be a problem likely requiring inputs like <pre>3,123,456<br>7,890,123<br>45,678,901</pre> [[User:Madned|Madned]] 14:18, 23 November 2010 (CST)

---------------------------------

Right, I've got some time coming up to do a project, and I've decided to do some work on the Stations pages.

Specifically, I'm planning on writing brief commentaries on the factories, so that pages are a little more interesting than a simple list of data.

We're still missing the non-Argon factories. I don't know where to find the raw data to import them in the same manner as the factories we've got. Anyone who can point me in the right direction? [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 16:57, 30 January 2011 (CST)


I've been using the game itself and x3tc.ru as references. I'm pretty sure the wiki itself has extremely limited factory data. Pre-restoration, sector pages tended just to be formatting stubs and didn't even reference info on the site like the gate listing. station pages were worse and not generally cached on google, so there was very little station info to work with. I imagine the original planning was to detail the sectors and work the stations from there, sadly the db crashed, but i think the site is pretty well advanced from where it started. thus stations is mostly mapping new territory. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 10:40, 2 February 2011 (CST)

O.K. I'm probably going to go about completely redesigning the structure of the Stations section, as given the new standard page layouts and formats for station pages, race-specific lists is rather a waste of time.

I'll also go about bringing older pages into conformance with the new standard layout (which I've edited slightly to include a seperate overview/commentary which can include things like expected profitability, common locations, suitability as a player's first factory etc). [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 10:01, 8 February 2011 (CST)

==station availability===

Well, this page is easily the longest on the Wiki. But still there comes more!

I've created the [[Template:sa|'sa' template]] to make it easy to list the Shipyards that an object is available from. So far, I've just started listing the Argon ones. I reckon it might be best to tabulate the data here though, with the five (six? Some stations are available at Terran shipyards) races across the top and the Shipyards that the factory is available at listed in cells below. Problem is, I've found working with Wiki tables to be a real drag (so far, I've managed to con Madned into doing it all for me, but sooner or later he'll catch on!!!!) so any other ideas before we launch in? [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 06:53, 13 February 2011 (CST)

:hah, i'll never catch on! oh wait...that's rather silly. anyway, poor table structures annoy me. and i destroy what annoys me. for some of the table stuff, it's easier to use large panels and then do normal formatting inside ala [[Crystal Fab#L-type]] it's a brave new world of css formatting. and that style favors a tab style approach. all spans and divs and stuff. offers incredible control, but i've noticed that the edit sections seem to be generated in javascript and those don't seem to respect div or span float boundaries. so we're stuck with tables for the infoboxes. css formatting seems to be much more wild and free than my old skool table formatting. so favors "br" tags and auto linebreaking lists. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 13:54, 14 February 2011 (CST)