<!-- source file: index__qaf359ee9cf25.html -->

Other than the existing description, would there be a problem with adding the docking capacity for the regular versus super shipyards? [[User:Mileron|Mileron]] 07:52, 16 April 2011 (CDT) This article is going to be really, REALLY long if we repeat the ship and station tables for each race. Might we better putting them into sub-articles linked from here - comments? [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 13:30, 12 February 2011 (CST) Aha! As soon as I hit "submit" I had a brainwave. Race-specific Shipyard pages exist already ([[Federal Argon Shipyard]], [[Royal Boron Shipyard]] etc) and since I began the reorganisation have been orphaned. These could be used. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 13:33, 12 February 2011 (CST) : sounds like a plan. it is generally recommended to keep lists separate and this page is shaping up to be a racial bridge page. let's see how it looks. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 02:26, 13 February 2011 (CST) : recommend developing race shipyard pages first. it makes developing the specific sector shipyards pretty easy. just sort on the sector and then copy rows, strip out the sector markers and that pretty much describes the sector purchase menu. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 15:54, 15 February 2011 (CST) sample format, Adjust (RACE GOVERNMENT),(RACE), shipyard sectors and table contents. &lt;pre> ==Overview== The [[Shipyard]]s of the (RACE GOVERNMENT) are where all [[(RACE)]] ships and stations are crafted. ==Products== ===Stations=== {| style="text-align:right;" class="wikitable sortable" cellpadding="3" ! Available Stations&lt;bR>!! Cost&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Depths of Silence}}&lt;bR>!! {{sa|Great Reef}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Kingdom End}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Lucky Planets}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Ocean of Fantasy}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Queen's Retribution}}&lt;br> |- |Boron Weapon Component Factory|| 655 732|| || X || || || || X |} ===Ships=== {| style="text-align:right;" class="wikitable sortable" cellpadding="3" name="ships" ! Available Ships&lt;bR>!! Cost&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Depths of Silence}}&lt;bR>!! {{sa|Great Reef}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Kingdom End}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Lucky Planets}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Ocean of Fantasy}}&lt;bR> !! {{sa|Queen's Retribution}}&lt;br> |- |Shark || 61 790 791 || x || x || x || x || x || x |} &lt;/pre>