In an OTAS covert ops mission, in unmodded v3.1, I was supposed to follow a 'Split Harrier Raider' that could do 646 m/s - sadly before realising that was weird I screwed it up & reloaded, and the mission ship is merely an everyday Argon fighter now. [[Special:Contributions/202.161.25.97|202.161.25.97]] 20:50, 28 April 2011 (CDT)

Oh that's weird - why does the pirate Harrier variant have its own page when (e.g.) the Nova includes all variants on one page? (plus I guess the mission ships in Covert missions can be overtuned, although I've never noticed it before) [[Special:Contributions/202.161.25.97|202.161.25.97]] 20:53, 28 April 2011 (CDT)

heh, the nova thing? that would probably be my two minds. also the pirate harrier has just about more pirate configurations than teladi. anyway my two minds are thus:
* all variants of the same race should be on the same page

pirate faction ships are technically a different race/faction. nova happens to be the first run at unified listing, so never got changed, also it's _still_ like that, because I haven't made up my mind on whether it's better have different pages for the different race variants. with the racial color tabbing it's much clearer when the pirate variants show up. so it may be better to merge the pirates into the base airframe article.

Having separate pirate faction ship pages however, does permit you to drop a pirate faction category on them and have them show up in a nice neat pirate ship category page, rather than have it muddled with the host faction variants leading. You could still have a pirate ship category on merged pages, but it's not quite as clear cut, since you'd probably have to wade through about 5 variants before getting to the pirate variants.

In general there are only 2 pirate variants so most of the pirate variants are merged with the host airframe, so it'd be most consistent to merge the pirate harriers back into the host article. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 23:11, 29 April 2011 (CDT)

Either that, or at least add the pirate Harrier to the [[M5]] list... [[Special:Contributions/202.161.25.97|202.161.25.97]] 11:55, 30 April 2011 (CDT)