<!-- source file: index__q52b82a95ef00.html -->

&lt;noinclude> == Introduction == Racial Navboxes are ordered as follows. All items are presented in alphabetical order within their various categories - this includes ship types etc. This template will also include any pages it is on in the appropriate racial category. It is designed as a quick reference for information on different races, but could also be used for organizations like [[OTAS]] etc with a bit of tweaking. Please see [[Template:Racial Navbox]] for the master template that this was copied from. == Usage == When making a new Racial Navbox, please just copy the text from this page (Or subsittute it - see [{{linky}}en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Substitution Wikipedia on Substitution]) to your intended navigational page - e.g. [[Template:Argon Navbox]]. === Sectors and Shipyards === Sector names should be listed in alphabetical order, and separated by a single bar ("|"). ''Note:'' Two bars will break the table. Please be careful not to use two bars. === Ships === Ships should be listed in the order given. If no ship of a given type exists for a race, leave it as "None". If multiple ships of a type exist, list them in alphabetical order, each separated by a single comma. '''Examples:''' *"TL" comes before "TM", so TL is the first transport listed. *'''[[TP]]:''' [[Express]], [[Phantom]] === Shipyards === Please list all racial shipyards here, super or not. Do not worry about listing the same sector twice, as removing a sector from the Core or Border sectors would leave them incomplete. === Racial Wares === List these in alphabetical order. If in doubt whether something fits into the correct racial category, check if its production is exclusive to a race, or its use is exclusive to a race. If one but not the other is true, Production trumps Consumption. Example: [[Majaglit]] is used by Argon, Paranid, Split and Teladi stations ([[Satellite Factory]]), but is only produced by a [[Space Jewellery|Paranid Station]]. This makes it a Paranid [[wares|ware]]. == Important Notes == When using this page to create a new racial navbox, please take care to replace both the racial link and the category link at the bottom of the page. [[Category:Racial Navbox]] &lt;/noinclude> {| width="auto" style="text-align:center; border-width:1px; border-style:solid; border-color:lightgrey;" ! colspan="3" style="{{Colour/Boron}}" | [[Boron]] Navigation |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Core [[Sectors]] || [[Depths Of Silence|Depths of Silence]] | [[Great Reef]] | [[Kingdom End]] | [[Lucky Planets]] | [[Menelaus' Frontier]] | [[Queen's Harbour]] | [[Queen's Retribution]] | [[Queen's Space]] | [[Reservoir of Tranquillity]] | [[Rolk's Drift]] | [[Rolk's Legacy]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Sector Security|Border]] Sectors | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[Atreus' Clouds]] | [[Barren Shores]] | [[Bluish Snout]] | [[Dark Waters]] | [[Faded Dreams]] | [[Great Trench]] | [[Hila's Joy]] | [[Hollow Infinity]] | [[Light Water]] | [[Mists of Elysium]] | [[Menelaus' Oasis]] | [[Menelaus' Paradise]] | [[Ocean of Fantasy]] | [[Rolk's Fate]] | [[Shining Currents]] | [[Shore of Infinity]] | [[Unknown Sector (18,16)]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Capital Ships|Capital Ships]] | '''[[M1]]:''' [[Shark]] | '''[[M2]]:''' [[Ray]] | '''[[M2+]]:''' [[Megalodon]] | '''[[M7]]:''' [[Thresher]] | '''[[M7C]]:''' [[Guppy]] | '''[[M7M]]:''' [[Kraken]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Fighters|Fighters]] | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[M3]]:''' [[Barracuda]] | '''[[M3+]]:''' [[Skate]] | '''[[M4]]:''' [[Mako]] | '''[[M4+]]:''' [[Pike]] | '''[[M5]]:''' [[Octopus]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Escort|Escort Ships]] | '''[[M6]]:''' [[Hydra]] | '''[[M6+]]:''' [[Heavy Hydra]] | '''[[M8]]:''' [[Marlin]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Transport|Transports]] | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[TL]]:''' [[Orca]] | '''[[TM]]:''' [[Pleco]] | '''[[TP]]:''' [[Angel]], [[Manta]] | '''[[TS]]:''' [[Dolphin]] | '''[[TS+]]:''' [[Sturgeon]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Shipyard]]s | [[Depths Of Silence]] | [[Great Reef]] | [[Kingdom End]] | [[Lucky Planets]] | [[Ocean of Fantasy]] | [[Queen's Retribution]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Racial [[Wares]] | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[BoFu]] | [[BoGas]] | [[Plankton]] | [[Stott Spices]] |} &lt;includeonly>[[Category:Boron]]&lt;/includeonly>