<!-- source file: index__q5fc74ce37594.html -->

&lt;noinclude> == Introduction == Racial Navboxes are ordered as follows. All items are presented in alphabetical order within their various categories - this includes ship types etc. This template will also include any pages it is on in the appropriate racial category. It is designed as a quick reference for information on different races, but could also be used for organizations like [[OTAS]] etc with a bit of tweaking. Please see [[Template:Racial Navbox]] for the master template that this was copied from. == Usage == When making a new Racial Navbox, please just copy the text from this page (Or subsittute it - see [{{linky}}en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Substitution Wikipedia on Substitution]) to your intended navigational page - e.g. [[Template:Argon Navbox]]. === Sectors and Shipyards === Sector names should be listed in alphabetical order, and separated by a single bar ("|"). ''Note:'' Two bars will break the table. Please be careful not to use two bars. === Ships === Ships should be listed in the order given. If no ship of a given type exists for a race, leave it as "None". If multiple ships of a type exist, list them in alphabetical order, each separated by a single comma. '''Examples:''' *"TL" comes before "TM", so TL is the first transport listed. *'''[[TP]]:''' [[Express]], [[Phantom]] === Shipyards === Please list all racial shipyards here, super or not. Do not worry about listing the same sector twice, as removing a sector from the Core or Border sectors would leave them incomplete. === Racial Wares === List these in alphabetical order. If in doubt whether something fits into the correct racial category, check if its production is exclusive to a race, or its use is exclusive to a race. If one but not the other is true, Production trumps Consumption. Example: [[Majaglit]] is used by Argon, Paranid, Split and Teladi stations ([[Satellite Factory]]), but is only produced by a [[Space Jewellery|Paranid Station]]. This makes it a Paranid [[wares|ware]]. == Important Notes == When using this page to create a new racial navbox, please take care to replace both the racial link and the category link at the bottom of the page. [[Category:Racial Navbox]] &lt;/noinclude> {| width="auto" style="text-align:center; border-width:1px; border-style:solid; border-color:lightgrey;" ! colspan="3" style="{{Colour/Argon}}" | [[Argon]] Navigation |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Core [[Sectors]] || [[Argon Prime]] | [[Herron's Nebula]] | [[Home of Light]] | [[Legend's Home]] | [[Light of Heart]] | [[Montalaar]] | [[Omicron Lyrae]] | [[Red Light]] | [[Ringo Moon]] | [[The Wall]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Sector Security|Border]] Sectors | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[Aladna Hill]] | [[Albion Alpha]] | [[Albion Beta]] | [[Albion Delta]] | [[Albion Gamma]] | [[Akeela's Beacon]] | [[Antigone Memorial]] | [[Argon Sector M148]] | [[Belt of Aguilar]] | [[Black Hole Sun]] | [[Cloudbase North West]] | [[Cloudbase South East]] | [[Cloudbase South West]] | [[Circle Of Labour]] | [[Elena's Fortune]] | [[Elysium of Light]] | [[Interworlds]] | [[Getsu Fune]] | [[Midnight Star]] | [[Nathan's Voyage]] | [[Nyana's Hideout]] | [[Ore Belt]] | [[Power Circle]] | [[President's End]] | [[The Hole]] | [[Three Worlds]] | [[Treasure Chest]] | [[Wastelands]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Capital Ships|Capital Ships]] | '''[[M1]]:''' [[Colossus]] | '''[[M2]]:''' [[Titan (ship)|Titan]] | '''[[M2+]]:''' None | '''[[M7]]:''' [[Cerberus]] | '''[[M7C]]:''' [[Griffon]] | '''[[M7M]]:''' [[Minotaur]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Fighters|Fighters]] | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[M3]]:''' [[Nova]] | '''[[M3+]]:''' [[Eclipse]] | '''[[M4]]:''' [[Buster]] | '''[[M4+]]:''' [[Elite]] | '''[[M5]]:''' [[Arrow]], [[Discoverer]], [[Starburst]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Escort|Escort Ships]] | '''[[M6]]:''' [[Centaur]] | '''[[M6+]]:''' [[Heavy Centaur]] | '''[[M8]]:''' [[Gladiator]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Transport|Transports]] | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[TL]]:''' [[Mammoth]] | '''[[TM]]:''' [[Magnetar]] | '''[[TP]]:''' [[Express]], [[Phantom]] | '''[[TS]]:''' [[Mercury (ship)|Mercury]] | '''[[TS+]]:''' [[Lotan]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Shipyard]]s | [[Argon Prime]] | [[Argon Sector M148]] | [[Cloudbase South East]] | [[Legend's Home]] | [[Light of Heart]] | [[Omicron Lyrae]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Racial [[Wares]] | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[Argnu Beef]] | [[Cloth Rimes]] | [[Meatsteak Cahoonas]] | [[Space Fuel]] |} &lt;includeonly>[[Category:Argon]]&lt;/includeonly>