<noinclude>
== Introduction ==
Racial Navboxes are ordered as follows. All items are presented in alphabetical order within their various categories - this includes ship types etc.

This template will also include any pages it is on in the appropriate racial category.

It is designed as a quick reference for information on different races, but could also be used for organizations like [[OTAS]] etc with a bit of tweaking.

Please see [[Template:Racial Navbox]] for the master template that this was copied from.

== Usage ==
When making a new Racial Navbox, please just copy the text from this page (Or subsittute it - see [{{linky}}en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Substitution Wikipedia on Substitution]) to your intended navigational page - e.g. [[Template:Argon Navbox]].

=== Sectors and Shipyards ===
Sector names should be listed in alphabetical order, and separated by a single bar ("|").
''Note:'' Two bars will break the table. Please be careful not to use two bars.

=== Ships ===
Ships should be listed in the order given. If no ship of a given type exists for a race, leave it as "None". If multiple ships of a type exist, list them in alphabetical order, each separated by a single comma.

'''Examples:'''
*"TL" comes before "TM", so TL is the first transport listed.
*'''[[TP]]:''' [[Express]], [[Phantom]]

=== Shipyards ===
Please list all racial shipyards here, super or not. Do not worry about listing the same sector twice, as removing a sector from the Core or Border sectors would leave them incomplete.

=== Racial Wares ===
List these in alphabetical order. If in doubt whether something fits into the correct racial category, check if its production is exclusive to a race, or its use is exclusive to a race. If one but not the other is true, Production trumps Consumption.

Example: [[Majaglit]] is used by Argon, Paranid, Split and Teladi stations ([[Satellite Factory]]), but is only produced by a [[Space Jewellery|Paranid Station]].  This makes it a Paranid [[wares|ware]].

== Important Notes ==
When using this page to create a new racial navbox, please take care to replace both the racial link and the category link at the bottom of the page.

[[Category:Racial Navbox]]
</noinclude> {| width="auto" style="text-align:center; border-width:1px; border-style:solid; border-color:lightgrey;"
! colspan="3" style="{{Colour/Teladi}}" | [[Teladi]] Navigation
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;"  | Core [[Sectors]]
|| [[Ceo's Buckzoid]] | [[Grand Exchange]] | [[Greater Profit]] | [[Homily of Perpetuity]] | [[Ianamus Zura]] | [[Ministry Of Finance]] | [[PTNI Headquarters]] | [[Seizewell]] | [[Tears of Greed]] | [[Teladi Gain]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;"  | [[Sector Security|Border]] Sectors
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[Bad Debt]] | [[Blue Profit]] | [[Bright Profit]] | [[Ceo's Doubt]] | [[Ceo's Sprite]] | [[Company Pride]] | [[Company Strength]] | [[Eighteen Billion]] | [[Home Of Opportunity]] | [[Merchant Haven]] | [[Mines Of Fortune]] | [[New Income]] | [[Profit Center Alpha]] | [[Profit Share]] | [[Sanctity of Corruption]] | [[Scale Plate Green]] | [[Shareholder's Fortune]] | [[Spaceweed Drift]] | [[The Vault]] | [[Two Grand]] 
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Capital Ships|Capital Ships]]
| '''[[M1]]:''' [[Condor]] |  '''[[M2]]:''' [[Phoenix]] | '''[[M2+]]:''' None | '''[[M7]]:''' [[Shrike]] | '''[[M7C]]:''' [[Cormorant]] | '''[[M7M]]:''' [[Gannet]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Fighters|Fighters]]
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[M3]]:''' [[Falcon]] | '''[[M3+]]:''' [[Kea]] | '''[[M4]]:''' [[Buzzard]] | '''[[M4+]]:''' [[Kite]] | '''[[M5]]:''' [[Harrier]], [[Kestrel]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Escort|Escort Ships]]
| '''[[M6]]:''' [[Osprey]] | '''[[M6+]]:''' [[Heavy Osprey]] | '''[[M8]]:''' [[Peregrine]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Transport|Transports]]
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[TL]]:''' [[Albatross]] | '''[[TM]]:''' [[Pelican]] | '''[[TP]]:''' [[Toucan]], [[Geochen]] | '''[[TS]]:''' [[Vulture]] | '''[[TS+]]:''' [[Tern]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Shipyard]]s
| [[Ceo's Sprite]] | [[Grand Exchange]] | [[Ianamus Zura]] | [[Ministry Of Finance]] | [[PTNI Headquarters]] | [[Seizewell]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Racial [[Wares]]
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[Swamp Plant]] | [[Sunrise Flowers]] | [[Nostrop Oil]] | [[Space Weed]] | [[Teladianium]]
|} <includeonly>[[Category:Teladi]]</includeonly>