<noinclude>
== Introduction ==
Racial Navboxes are ordered as follows. All items are presented in alphabetical order within their various categories - this includes ship types etc.

This template will also include any pages it is on in the appropriate racial category.

It is designed as a quick reference for information on different races, but could also be used for organizations like [[OTAS]] etc with a bit of tweaking.

Please see [[Template:Racial Navbox]] for the master template that this was copied from.

== Usage ==
When making a new Racial Navbox, please just copy the text from this page (Or subsittute it - see [{{linky}}en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Substitution Wikipedia on Substitution]) to your intended navigational page - e.g. [[Template:Argon Navbox]].

=== Sectors and Shipyards ===
Sector names should be listed in alphabetical order, and separated by a single bar ("|").
''Note:'' Two bars will break the table. Please be careful not to use two bars.

=== Ships ===
Ships should be listed in the order given. If no ship of a given type exists for a race, leave it as "None". If multiple ships of a type exist, list them in alphabetical order, each separated by a single comma.

'''Examples:'''
*"TL" comes before "TM", so TL is the first transport listed.
*'''[[TP]]:''' [[Express]], [[Phantom]]

=== Shipyards ===
Please list all racial shipyards here, super or not. Do not worry about listing the same sector twice, as removing a sector from the Core or Border sectors would leave them incomplete.

=== Racial Wares ===
List these in alphabetical order. If in doubt whether something fits into the correct racial category, check if its production is exclusive to a race, or its use is exclusive to a race. If one but not the other is true, Production trumps Consumption.

Example: [[Majaglit]] is used by Argon, Paranid, Split and Teladi stations ([[Satellite Factory]]), but is only produced by a [[Space Jewellery|Paranid Station]].  This makes it a Paranid [[wares|ware]].

== Important Notes ==
When using this page to create a new racial navbox, please take care to replace both the racial link and the category link at the bottom of the page.

[[Category:Racial Navbox]]
</noinclude> {| width="auto" style="text-align:center; border-width:1px; border-style:solid; border-color:lightgrey;"
! colspan="4" style="{{Colour/Terran}}" | [[Aldrin]] Navigation
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #AAAADD;" | Terran Factions
| style="background-color: #CCCCCC" width="auto" | '''[[ATF]]'''
| style="background-color: #CCCCCC" width="auto" | '''Aldrin'''
| style="background-color: #CCCCCC" width="auto" | '''[[Terran]]'''
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;"  | Core [[Sectors]]
| colspan="3" | [[Asteroid Belt]] | [[Earth]] | [[Jupiter]] | [[Jupiter 2]] | [[Jupiter 3]] | [[Kuiper Belt]] | [[Mars]] | [[Mercury (sector)]] | [[The Moon]] | [[Neptune]] | [[Oort Cloud]] | [[Pluto]] | [[Saturn]] | [[Saturn 2]] | [[Saturn 3]] | [[Titan (sector)]] | [[Uranus]] | [[Uranus 2]] | [[Uranus 3]] | [[Venus]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;"  | [[Sector Security|Border]] Sectors
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" colspan="3" |
[[Aldrin]] | [[Aldrin 2]] | [[Heretic's End]] | [[Terran Unknown Sector 1|Terran Unknown Sector 1 (Megnir)]] | [[Terran Unknown Sector 2|Terran Unknown Sector 2 (Althes)]] | [[Terran Unknown Sector 3|Terran Unknown Sector 3 (Segaris)]] | [[Unknown Sector (Beyond Oort Cloud 1st)]] | [[Unknown Sector (Beyond Oort Cloud 2nd)]] | [[Unknown Sector (Beyond Oort Cloud 3rd)]] | [[Unknown Sector (Beyond Oort Cloud 4th)]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Capital Ships|Capital Ships]]
| colspan="3" | '''[[M1]]:''' [[Deca|#deca]]  |  '''[[M2]]:''' None  | '''[[M2+]]:''' None  | '''[[M7]]:''' None  | '''[[M7C]]:''' None | '''[[M7M]]:''' None 
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Fighters|Fighters]]
| colspan="3" style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[M3]]:''' [[Spitfyre]], [[Deca.cefa|#deca.cefa]] | '''[[M3+]]:''' None | '''[[M4]]:''' [[Deca.deaf|#deca.deaf]]  | '''[[M4+]]:''' None | '''[[M5]]:''' [[Deca.fade|#deca.fade]] 
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Escort|Escort Ships]]
| colspan="3" | '''[[M6]]:''' [[Springblossom]] | '''[[M6+]]:''' None | '''[[M8]]:''' None
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Transport|Transports]]
| colspan="3" style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[TL]]:''' None | '''[[TM]]:''' None | '''[[TP]]:''' None | '''[[TS]]:''' None | '''[[TS+]]:''' None
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Shipyard]]s
| colspan="3" | [[Aldrin]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Racial [[Wares]]
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" colspan="3" | [[Carbo Cake]] | [[C-Ration]] | [[Hull Plating]] | [[Ice]] | [[Protein Paste]] | [[Terran EMP Rifles]] | [[Terran MRE]] | [[Vita Kai]] | [[Water]]
|} <includeonly>[[Category:Terran]][[Category:Aldrin]]</includeonly>