<!-- source file: index__q30d9fdf6fd43.html -->

&lt;noinclude> == Introduction == Racial Navboxes are ordered as follows. All items are presented in alphabetical order within their various categories - this includes ship types etc. This template will also include any pages it is on in the appropriate racial category. It is designed as a quick reference for information on different races, but could also be used for organizations like [[OTAS]] etc with a bit of tweaking. Please see [[Template:Racial Navbox]] for the master template that this was copied from. == Usage == When making a new Racial Navbox, please just copy the text from this page (Or subsittute it - see [{{linky}}en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Substitution Wikipedia on Substitution]) to your intended navigational page - e.g. [[Template:Argon Navbox]]. === Sectors and Shipyards === Sector names should be listed in alphabetical order, and separated by a single bar ("|"). ''Note:'' Two bars will break the table. Please be careful not to use two bars. === Ships === Ships should be listed in the order given. If no ship of a given type exists for a race, leave it as "None". If multiple ships of a type exist, list them in alphabetical order, each separated by a single comma. '''Examples:''' *"TL" comes before "TM", so TL is the first transport listed. *'''[[TP]]:''' [[Express]], [[Phantom]] === Shipyards === Please list all racial shipyards here, super or not. Do not worry about listing the same sector twice, as removing a sector from the Core or Border sectors would leave them incomplete. === Racial Wares === List these in alphabetical order. If in doubt whether something fits into the correct racial category, check if its production is exclusive to a race, or its use is exclusive to a race. If one but not the other is true, Production trumps Consumption. Example: [[Majaglit]] is used by Argon, Paranid, Split and Teladi stations ([[Satellite Factory]]), but is only produced by a [[Space Jewellery|Paranid Station]]. This makes it a Paranid [[wares|ware]]. == Important Notes == When using this page to create a new racial navbox, please take care to replace both the racial link and the category link at the bottom of the page. [[Category:Racial Navbox]] &lt;/noinclude> {| width="auto" style="text-align:center; border-width:1px; border-style:solid; border-color:lightgrey;" ! colspan="4" style="{{Colour/Terran}}" | [[Terran]] Navigation |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #AAAADD;" | Terran Factions | style="background-color: #CCCCCC" width="auto" | '''[[ATF]]''' | style="background-color: #CCCCCC" width="auto" | '''[[Aldrin]]''' | style="background-color: #CCCCCC" width="auto" | '''Terran''' |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Core [[Sectors]] | colspan="3" | [[Asteroid Belt]] | [[Earth]] | [[Jupiter]] | [[Jupiter 2]] | [[Jupiter 3]] | [[Kuiper Belt]] | [[Mars]] | [[Mercury (sector)|Mercury]] | [[The Moon]] | [[Neptune]] | [[Oort Cloud]] | [[Pluto]] | [[Saturn]] | [[Saturn 2]] | [[Saturn 3]] | [[Titan (sector)|Titan]] | [[Uranus]] | [[Uranus 2]] | [[Uranus 3]] | [[Venus]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Sector Security|Border]] Sectors | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" colspan="3" | [[Aldrin]] | [[Aldrin 2]] | [[Heretic's End]] | [[Terran Unknown Sector 1|Terran Unknown Sector 1 (Megnir)]] | [[Terran Unknown Sector 2|Terran Unknown Sector 2 (Althes)]] | [[Terran Unknown Sector 3|Terran Unknown Sector 3 (Segaris)]] | [[Unknown Sector (7,4)]] | [[Unknown Sector (8,4)]] | [[Unknown Sector (8,5)]] | [[Unknown Sector (7,5)]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Capital Ships|Capital Ships]] | colspan="3" | '''[[M1]]:''' [[Tokyo]] | '''[[M2]]:''' [[Osaka]] | '''[[M2+]]:''' [[Kyoto]] | '''[[M7]]:''' [[Yokohama]] | '''[[M7C]]:''' [[Maccana]] | '''[[M7M]]:''' None |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Fighters|Fighters]] | colspan="3" style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[M3]]:''' [[Scimitar]] | '''[[M3+]]:''' [[Cutlass]] | '''[[M4]]:''' [[Sabre]] | '''[[M4+]]:''' None | '''[[M5]]:''' [[Rapier]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Escort|Escort Ships]] | colspan="3" | '''[[M6]]:''' [[Katana]] | '''[[M6+]]:''' None | '''[[M8]]:''' [[Claymore]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Transport|Transports]] | colspan="3" style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[TL]]:''' [[Atmospheric Lifter]], [[Mobile Mining Base-Ship|Mobile Mining Base Ship]] | '''[[TM]]:''' [[Toukon]] | '''[[TP]]:''' [[Scabbard]] | '''[[TS]]:''' [[Baldric]] | '''[[TS+]]:''' [[Hayabusa]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Shipyard]]s | colspan="3" | [[Mars]] | [[Terran Unknown Sector 1|Megnir (Terran Unknown Sector 1)]] | [[The Moon]] | [[Saturn]] |- ! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Racial [[Wares]] | style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" colspan="3" | [[Carbo Cake]] | [[C-Ration]] | [[Hull Plating]] | [[Ice]] | [[Protein Paste]] | [[Terran EMP Rifles]] | [[Terran MRE]] | [[Vita Kai]] | [[Water]] |} &lt;includeonly>[[Category:Terran]]&lt;/includeonly>