<noinclude>
== Introduction ==
Racial Navboxes are ordered as follows. All items are presented in alphabetical order within their various categories - this includes ship types etc.

This template will also include any pages it is on in the appropriate racial category.

It is designed as a quick reference for information on different races, but could also be used for organizations like [[OTAS]] etc with a bit of tweaking.

Please see [[Template:Racial Navbox]] for the master template that this was copied from.

== Usage ==
When making a new Racial Navbox, please just copy the text from this page (Or subsittute it - see [{{linky}}en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Substitution Wikipedia on Substitution]) to your intended navigational page - e.g. [[Template:Argon Navbox]].

=== Sectors and Shipyards ===
Sector names should be listed in alphabetical order, and separated by a single bar ("|").
''Note:'' Two bars will break the table. Please be careful not to use two bars.

=== Ships ===
Ships should be listed in the order given. If no ship of a given type exists for a race, leave it as "None". If multiple ships of a type exist, list them in alphabetical order, each separated by a single comma.

'''Examples:'''
*"TL" comes before "TM", so TL is the first transport listed.
*'''[[TP]]:''' [[Express]], [[Phantom]]

=== Shipyards ===
Please list all racial shipyards here, super or not. Do not worry about listing the same sector twice, as removing a sector from the Core or Border sectors would leave them incomplete.

=== Racial Wares ===
List these in alphabetical order. If in doubt whether something fits into the correct racial category, check if its production is exclusive to a race, or its use is exclusive to a race. If one but not the other is true, Production trumps Consumption.

Example: [[Majaglit]] is used by Argon, Paranid, Split and Teladi stations ([[Satellite Factory]]), but is only produced by a [[Space Jewellery|Paranid Station]].  This makes it a Paranid [[wares|ware]].

== Important Notes ==
When using this page to create a new racial navbox, please take care to replace both the racial link and the category link at the bottom of the page.

[[Category:Racial Navbox]]
</noinclude> {| width="auto" style="text-align:center; border-width:1px; border-style:solid; border-color:lightgrey;"
! colspan="3" style="{{Colour/Split}}" | [[Split]] Navigation
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;"  | Core [[Sectors]]
|| [[Family Njy]] | [[Family Pride]] | [[Family Rhonkar]] | [[Family Rhy]] | [[Family Tkr]] | [[Family Zein]] | [[Njy's Deception]] | [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] | [[Rhonkar's Might]] | [[Rhy's Crusade]] | [[Thuruk's Pride]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;"  | [[Sector Security|Border]] Sectors
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[Cho's Defeat]] | [[Contorted Dominion]] | [[Family Ryk]] | [[Family Whi]] | [[Family Zyarth]] | [[Ghinn's Escape]] | [[Patriarch's Keep]] | [[Patriarch's Retreat]] | [[Rhonkar's Clouds]] | [[Rhonkar's Fire]] | [[Rhonkar's Trial]] | [[Rhy's Desire]] | [[Tharka's Sun]] | [[The Shallows]] | [[Thuruk's Beard]] | [[Thyn's Abyss]] | [[Thyn's Excavation]] | [[Tkr's Deprivation]] | [[Wretched Skies]] | [[Zyarth's Dominion]] | [[Zyarth's Stand]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Capital Ships|Capital Ships]]
| '''[[M1]]:''' [[Raptor]] |  '''[[M2]]:''' [[Python]] | '''[[M2+]]:''' [[Pteranodon]] | '''[[M7]]:''' [[Tiger]], [[Panther]] | '''[[M7C]]:''' None | '''[[M7M]]:''' [[Cobra]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Fighters|Fighters]]
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[M3]]:''' [[Mamba]] | '''[[M3+]]:''' [[Chimera]] | '''[[M4]]:''' [[Scorpion]] | '''[[M4+]]:''' [[Asp]] | '''[[M5]]:''' [[Jaguar]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Escort|Escort Ships]]
| '''[[M6]]:''' [[Dragon]] | '''[[M6+]]:''' [[Heavy Dragon]] | '''[[M8]]:''' [[Viper]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[:Category:Transport|Transports]]
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | '''[[TL]]:''' [[Elephant]] | '''[[TM]]:''' [[Boa]] | '''[[TP]]:''' [[Iguana]], [[Ocelot]] | '''[[TS]]:''' [[Caiman]] | '''[[TS+]]:''' [[Drake]]
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | [[Shipyard]]s
| [[Cho's Defeat]] | [[Family Njy]] | [[Family Pride]] | [[Family Rhy]] | [[Family Tkr]] | [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] | [[Rhonkar's Might]] | [[Rhonkar's Trial]] | [[Zyarth's Dominion]] | [[Zyarth's Stand]] (AP only)
|-
! width="10em" style="background-color: #CCCCFF;" | Racial [[Wares]]
| style="background-color: #EEEEEE;" | [[Rastar Oil]] | [[Chelts Meat]] | [[Scruffin Fruits]] | [[Spaceflies]] | [[Massom Powder]]
|} <includeonly>[[Category:Split]]</includeonly>