<!-- source file: index__qab0afa119d17.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Tern |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TS+class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 1708856}} |Minspeed= 38.1 |Maxspeed= 60.9 |Minaccel=1 |Maxaccel=2 |Minsteer=3.0 |Maxsteer=6.0 |Hull=76,800 |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=400 |Shieldreactor= 950 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=7350 |Maxcargo=15775 |Lasercap=1700 |Laserrecharge=14 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Teladi introduced this new [[TS]]+ ship in time for the events of Albion Prelude. It boasts the toughest shielding of any Commonwealth TS (tied with the [[Hayabusa|Terran Hayabusa]] for toughest shields on any TS), but otherwise is a fairly weak entry in the category. Like other Teladi ships, it is the slowest in its class, and while it has one of the largest cargo bays of any TS, it is simply outshone by its competitors. It is still an excellent investment for a complex Commercial Agent, where the ability to move large amounts of cargo is most important. ==Background== Sensing the need for a new transporter for risky, high-profit situations, the Teladi designed the Tern. Marked as a long-term investment, the Tern was built with an unusually high degree of redundancy for a Teladi vessel. A single Tern is estimated to be able to outperform any three regular transporters, ensuring that the extra credits spent on each ship would repay themselves in a relatively short amount of time. As the Tern was primarily intended to ferry large high-tech cargoes, it soon became a firm favourite of smugglers and black-market ware dealers. ==Physical Characteristics== The Tern is surprisingly graceful in appearance for a Teladi ship. While its bow features the usual metal spikes, the rest of the ship's hull plating is relatively smooth. However, the Teladi still do not see fit to paint it. == Combat == The Tern can mount the [[Plasma Burst Generator]], allowing it to eradicate any fighter that gets too close, but is vulnerable if hunted from longer ranges. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Wasp Missile]] *[[Silkworm Missile]] *[[Disruptor Missile]] | *[[Hurricane Missile]] *[[Remote Guided Warhead]] *[[Wildfire Missile]] |} == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" |- style="{{Colour/Teladi}}" ! width="120px" | Variant !! [[Ceo's Sprite]] !! [[Grand Exchange]] !! [[Ianamus Zura]] !! [[Ministry of Finance]] !! [[PTNI Headquarters]] !! [[Seizewell]] |- ! style="text-align:left;" |Tern || x || || || || || |} == Suggested Roles== The Tern is not as effective a Universe Trader as other TS+ ships, but makes a good Commercial Agent. == See Also== {{TS+}} {{TS+category}} [[Category:Teladi ships]] {{Teladi Navbox}}