<!-- source file: index__q13aedebf113a.html -->

The Terraformer War was fought in 2146, 38 years before the colonisation of Argon Prime on Argon Stardate 0. It was the single most catastrophic event in the history of the X-Universe. Terraformers had been built by Humans on [[Earth]] to colonise planets for human habitation from 2066 until being discontinued in 2099. These Terraformer fleets possessed AGI, or Artificial General Intelligence, and through that the capability of reproduction. Following the discontinuation of Terraformer production, most Terraformer fleets were recalled, but some that were out of range of message drones failed to return and continued their terraforming missions. With the Earth colonies prospering and new colonies being founded, few people cared about the Terraformers any more and those that failed to return were left out in space. In 2115, a glitchy patch with a virus known today as the Xenon Virus was distributed throughout the remaining Terraformers and caused them to cease responding to controls; however, nothing was noticed by the remaining controllers. That was until 2145, when Terraformer fleets tried Terraforming already colonised worlds, and the only way for the undermanned Earth naval force, the USC, to stop them was to destroy them. The response of the errant Terraformers was vicious. Counterattacking, most of the USC fleet was destroyed, and Terraforming of colonies continued. As the Terraformer fleet approached Earth, the remains of the USC fleet led by a commander named Nathan R. Gunne lured the Terraformer fleet through the single Solar System jumpgate to Alpha Centauri. Once there, the Earth jumpgate was destroyed, and in a vicious battle between the USC and Terraformer fleets, so was the [[Brennan's Triumph|Alpha Centauri]] gate leading to Earth. Trapped in the gate network, Gunne's fleet managed to evade the remaining Terraformers having taken heavy losses and were persued through the X-Universe before finally losing the trailing Terraformer fleet. Eventually, their ships crashed on a planet in a star system named the [[Argon Prime|Sonra system]]. There, they buried their past and began to build a new civilization. Their new home, Sonra 4, became the capital of a new Federation, named after its founder, R. Gunne.