<!-- source file: index__q2fd17005f329.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Thor |Faction=ATF |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock={{priceblock||2265386}} |Minspeed=98 |Maxspeed=196 |Minaccel=14 |Maxaccel=28 |Minsteer=20.4 |Maxsteer=51.0 |Hull=8000 / 16000 (AP) |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=5 |Maxshieldstrength=125 |Shieldreactor=915 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=175 |Maxcargo=190 |Lasercap=9000 |Laserrecharge=270 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Thor is quick, well protected, and packs a punch. However, in all but the latest versions of the game, it cannot be obtained by the player. ==Background== ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == As with all [[ATF]] designs, the Thor is easily one of the best in its class. The Thor is very similar to the [[Scimitar]] in its characteristics. However, it packs an extra two weapons in the front and an additional turret, giving it even more potency. A serious threat to any fighter, including [[M3+]] class ships, and can only be easily taken down when outclassed. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Poltergeist Missile]] *[[Spectre Missile]] |} == Availability == The Thor is offered as a potential plot reward for the [[Balance of Power]] [[plotline]]. It is otherwise unobtainable in vanilla [[Terran Conflict]] In the X3 Rebalance Mod, the player may choose a game start called ATF Veteran that starts the player off with a Thor with eight forward electromagnetic plasma cannons and four rear mounted electromagnetic repeater cannons. This Thor also comes fully upgraded in the engine, maneuverability, and cargo bay areas. As of [[X3 albion prelude]] you can get this ship at most [[Terran Shipyard]]s. == Suggested Roles== == See Also== {{M3}} {{ATF Navbox}}