{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Thresher
|Faction=Boron
|Class={{M7class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Queen's Protectorate| 38206712}}
|Minspeed=65.4
|Maxspeed=111.2
|Minaccel=6.0
|Maxaccel=11.0
|Minsteer=2.0
|Maxsteer=3.5
|Hull=540,000
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=3
|Maxshieldstrength=3000
|Shieldreactor= 5900
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=2500
|Maxcargo=4750
|Lasercap=50500
|Laserrecharge=1262
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=10
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=1|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=1|ic=1|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=4
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Top
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Bottom
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The only [[Commonwealth]] M7 class capable of firing the heavy capital-class [[Photon Pulse Cannon]], and the only to do so from its main guns (Compare the [[Xenon Q]], which can fire PPCs from its side batteries). With this weapon, the Thresher can utterly annihilate all but the toughest targets in one massive attack, but thanks to low shielding and its Frigate-level laser generator, it cannot keep up its offense for long.

==Background==
The reality of existing threats urged the Boron Navy to consider a more robust approach. The Thresher heavy frigate is the result - currently one of the most potent warships available.
==Physical Characteristics==
The Thresher has a huge frame, by far the largest among M7 and larger than some [[M2]].
Its appearance is reminiscent of a stingray, with backswept wings connected to its spine at an almost ninety degree angle, with three "tails" extending out from the rear of the ship. The ship has long stripes of lighting along its hull.
== Combat ==
The Thresher is at the greatest advantage when used at medium to long range, where it will have the time and space to recharge its batteries and avoid enemy fire. All around turret coverage grants the ship a decent ability to fend off fighters, but the ship's laser generator, weak for its class, cannot sustain support drawn-out engagements. The Thresher works best when used as a raider - an immediate and overwhelming frontal attack, followed by a retreat before survivors can retaliate; installing a [[Bonus Pack|Turbo Booster]] is recommended for this tactic. An effective method for destroying capital ships is to slow the Thresher to a standstill about 8-9km away from the target, letting the target approach, and at about 7.5km distance, flying in reverse while launching a volley of PPC shots. The target will move into range of the PPC by the time the shots reach it, without it being able to return fire. Note that charging up the PPC is less energy-efficient than firing multiple uncharged shots, and damage output of the Thresher is limited by the laser capacitor and generator. When firing uncharged shots, the Thresher can destroy a [[Q]] in a single approach.

Its major disadvantage is the gargantuan size for its class. This makes it very easy to hit, and the Thresher won't last long under capital weapons fire - another reason to operate from the edge of the PPC range where possible.

It is a good support platform in fleet fights, as it can contribute to destroying enemy capital ships, while its good firepower and defense as an M7 allow it to perform well against smaller ships and also serve in an anti corvette and fighter defense role.

== Equipment ==
The Thresher is unique among [[M7]]s in that it can mount the [[Photon Pulse Cannon]] in its main battery.

'''Missiles'''
{|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Hornet Missile]]
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
|
*[[Tempest Missile]]
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
|
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
|
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
*[[Firelance Missile]]
|
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}


== Availability ==
{| style="text-align:center;"
|+'''Availability'''
|- style="{{Colour/Boron}}"
! Variant !! [[Depths of Silence]] !! [[Great Reef]] !! [[Kingdom End]] !! [[Lucky Planets]] !! [[Ocean of Fantasy]] !! [[Queen's Retribution]]
|-
! Thresher || x || x || x || x || x || x
|}

== Suggested Roles==
The Thresher functions well as an OOS patrol or sector defense ship in sectors frequented by Pirate patrols. It should not be used in sectors frequented by the [[Xenon Q]], as the Thresher will likely be obliterated in one OOS combat round.

If flown by the player, the Thresher is an excellent raider, able to launch a massive PPC first attack and wipe out a target before they can retaliate.

== See Also==

*[[Guppy|Boron Guppy]]
*[[Kraken|Boron Kraken]]

{{M7}}
{{M7category}}
[[Category:Boron ships]]
{{Boron Navbox}}