{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Titan
|Faction=Argon
|Class={{M2class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Federation Overwatch| 69283911 }}
|Minspeed=35.0
|Maxspeed= 49.0 
|Minaccel=3.0
|Maxaccel=4.0
|Minsteer=0.5
|Maxsteer=0.7
|Hull= 500000 / 5000000 (AP)
|Maxshield=2 GJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=8000
|Shieldreactor= 14.400 
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=10000
|Maxcargo=10000
|Lasercap= 276,400 
|Laserrecharge=4,142
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Front
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=1|ic=1|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=1|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot= Left
|Guncount= 8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=1|ic=1|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=1|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=1|ppc=1|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=1|ic=1|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=1|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot= Up
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Down
|Guncount=4
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=1|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot= Back
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=1|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=1|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=1|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}

==Overview==
The Titan is generally a decent [[M2]], capable of mounting most capital weaponry such as the [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher]], [[Photon Pulse Cannon]], [[Ion Cannon]] and the [[Gauss Cannon]]. Like others of its class, it is also capable of equipping the [[Cluster Flak Array]] and [[Flak Artillery Array]] for fighter defense. Like many other Argon ships, it has no major weaknesses, but the Titan is slow, outspeeding only the [[Phoenix|Teladi Phoenix]] among the standard M2. Also like other Argon ships, it is outclassed in virtually every way by OTAS's ship, the [[Boreas]].  Still, the Titan is a solid investment and has no crippling weaknesses, like the [[Python]]'s weakness to fighters and the [[Ray]]'s massive blind spots.

==Background==
Until the building of Argon One, the Titan-class destroyers were the biggest ships in the Argon fleet. Although heavy and difficult to maneuver, in the hands of a capable Argon captain, this ship is a powerful weapon with a noble heritage. Its predecessors fought and won many major battles in both the Xenon Conflict and the Boron Campaign. Since then the ship has been regularly updated and redesigned and it remains the heaviest-armed and shielded vessel in the Argon fleet.

==Physical Characteristics==
Like most Argon ships, it's relatively graceful. Long, thin, with a rather nice curved front giving it decent turret profiles and making it harder to hit from up, down, front or back, but making it a huge target from the sides.
== Combat ==
The Titan is, like all [[Argon]] ships, the benchmark for its class. Average in every respect, whether it wins or loses depends on the relative strategies employed.  The Titan cannot equip flak weaponry in the rear turret nor any Capital-level weapon except the rare [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher]], and its slow speed leaves its rear vulnerable. As with other destroyers, providing a proper escort is essential.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;" 
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|
*[[Hornet Missile]]
*[[Typhoon Missile]]
*[[Firestorm Torpedo]]
|}

== Availability ==
== Suggested Roles==
Argon ships are not frequently cited as the best in any particular role, but the Titan, like any other destroyer, is excellent at laying waste to all around it. Its relatively small size (only slightly larger than the Boreas) makes it a good ship for solo operations, such as sector defense missions.
== See Also==

{{M2}}
{{Argon Navbox}}