<!-- source file: index__qd3a43f469242.html -->

On this page we can all put the things that still have to be added to the wiki.&lt;br> If you add/finish something you can edit it on this page by putting done behind it. ===Admin TODO=== # Put the universe map in the side menu between "Stations" and "Sectors". # Pictures of ships/sectors/guns? (I for one would happily upload and post pictures for anything and everything I can, but as far as I can tell, there is no mechanic built into the wiki to do so.) (('''The uploader is admin-only''')) # Add side menu category for X3:AP (And soon X3:Rebirth) ===To Do=== ==Details (Small-scale)== # Complete [[Commodity Logistics Software]] Mk1 &amp; Mk2 info # Fill in page on [[Complex | construction of stations, complexes, open and closed loops, and general strategy for station placement for complexes]]. ==Details (Large-scale)== # Fill in each [[Ships | ship]] page. particularly analysis and commentary. lots of holes in numeric data. # Fill in [[Sectors | sector]] pages. # Flesh out [[Wares | ware]] detail pages (comments, trading information, etc.) # Fill in Shipyard ship and factory availability on Sector Pages. (Use [[Template:ShipyardItem]] to fill in each item) ==Missions== # Add mission chain for Duke's Buccaneers in Unknown Sector below Heaven's Assertion. # In missions tap perhaps, add a new section for how to unlock other game modes for example the Kaa'ak start (make all main races max hate you) # Fill in Commentary for [[X3ap quests | X3:AP Missions]] ==Other== # Explain more in detail the nature of pirates and also how to gain notoriety with them in case people want to be friendly with pirates (also for access to bomb launcher) ===Completed=== # Construct [[Universe map]]. External sources sometimes shut down. also nicer for internal references/navigation. Rudimentary tools constructed. basic universe map complete # Add all sectors - STARTED - Needs someone to alter the look to a uniform look. # All listed ships have basic stubs and info from ship list. # Make a list of all missions (plot? general description of other missions?) # Make a list for all asteroids. - DONE (Added seperate page for every type). # Add all ships on the ship page. All ship classes added, links to ownerless and a ship list. - DONE # Make a list of all weapons (table needs data filled in though) - filled 20100921 # Make weapon detail pages (Basic weapons complete, missing kyon weapons, spare lasers, and fusion cannon) - woah, 70.65.251.68 # Make a list of all missiles. Needs table information. -done # (and a sectormap maybe? be creative) -outsourced # complete the list of ownerless ships (with coordinates) they can be found at the ships page-done-mostly fill from x3tc.ru # Make a list of all wares (and software or maybe seperate page for that and ill add it in the menu).-basic pages complete # Added [[Headquarters]] page that lists production costs and traits of Player-owned HQs. # Added [[Galaxy Editor]] page and links to it in the [[Scripts &amp; Mods]] Page. # build up a better information for [[Docking]]. # flesh out [[Boarding]] and related pages # Complete importation of [[Stations|factory]] lists. # Under [[Marine]], explain how to train to lvl them up and also generally how to set up a successful boarding in real combat situation. # Update ships for AP (Albion Prelude) # Fill in mission pages, particularly plots # rationalize: [[Special:WantedPages]]. setup redirects to existing documents or create new stuff. # fill in [[Weapons | weapon]] page details, commentary etc. # Complete [[Missiles | missile]] detail information. added aoe to missile infobox # Missile table format needs modification. missing area of effect. terminology needs definition. ==Stubs== Added a stub template &lt;nowiki>{{stub|(notation)}}&lt;/nowiki> the notation should be a general categorization, but isn't needed. For instance on the Stott Mixery the notation was Boron Factory. [[:Category:Stub]] holds the stubs. Please feel free to mark appropriate articles you notice to this by using the template. Suitable nominations are articles missing information (like most of the stations or sectors). At some point it may become useful to subcategorize to identify which information is desired.