<!-- source file: index__q5d20bf599c0a.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Tokyo |Faction=Terran |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Guardian of Earth| 68033931 }} |Minspeed= 58.0 |Maxspeed= 87.0 |Minaccel= 5.0 |Maxaccel= 8.0 |Minsteer= 0.4 |Maxsteer= 0.8 |Hull= 340000 |Maxshield=2 GJ |Shieldslots=5 |Maxshieldstrength=10000 |Shieldreactor= 10660 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo= 6500 |Maxcargo= 7040 |Lasercap= 100000 |Laserrecharge= 3000 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=1| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=1| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=4 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay| 50 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The '''Tokyo''' is capable of carrying a good 50 [[fighter]]s. It is among the most combat-capable of the [[M1]] class with the ATF Odin and Teladi Condor, and one of the most likely to be capable of brushing off an attack by a [[M7|frigate]], due to its powerful weapons generator and [[shields]] beaten by only 3 (vanilla) ships. ==Background== The ''Tokyo''-class carrier, with its capacious hangars, is the [[Terran|USC's]] premier force multiplier. ==Physical Characteristics== The Tokyo looks very similar to the [[Terran]] [[Mobile Mining Base-Ship]], with a large saucer section on the side of a long main hull. == Combat == The Tokyo is more combat-capable than other M1s due to its increased weapon power. However, since a recent patch its ability to fire its [[PSP]]s forever was removed, along with two thirds of its weapon energy. While its firepower is now in line with [[Commonwealth]] carriers, its superior shielding still makes it one of the better choices for a combat carrier. The somewhat restrictive cargo space can however be a problem when supplying large wings. In sector the Tokyo makes a better choice than the ATF Odin for a Terran carrier, because fighters don't have the massive engine blocks to crash into. == Equipment == ;All Hardpoints *[[Electro-Magnetic Plasma Cannon]] *[[Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher]] *[[Starburst Shockwave Cannon]] ;Flank Hardpoints *[[Point Singularity Projector]] ;Missiles *[[Spectre Missile]] *[[Wraith Missile]] *[[Poltergeist Missile]] == Availability == The Tokyo is available from the Terran shipyards in Jupiter, Mars and the Moon. == Suggested Roles== == See Also== {{M1}} [[Category: Carrier]] {{Terran Navbox}}