<!-- source file: index__qbcf470c594a2.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox missile|Missile=Tornado Missile|Yield=50000|Speed=312|Range=24.9|Cooldown=|Seeker=Autonomous|Submunitions=8|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Dumbfire|AoE=}} {{Infobox ware|ware=Tornado Missile|cargoclass=M|volume=8 (AP:4)|minprice=|aveprice=16844|maxprice=}} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Tornado [[Missiles#Overview|swarm dumbfire]] medium missile is most useful employed on fighters strafing larger targets, mainly bigger capital ships. Its ability to deal respectable damage to such a target makes it the most popular dumbfire missile, as well as the only useful one since all the others tend to be pitifully ineffective. ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The Tornado Missile improves on the one-shot one-chance performance of the Firefly by overpowering the target with a swarm of missiles. Using an array of armaments, the Tornado is launched either simultaneously, or in swift succession, allowing the pilot to strafe the target with a battery of attacks. ==Commentary== The Tornado is wasted on smaller ships, but adds considerable destructive ability to a smaller ship conducting a combat operation against a larger one. The missile's only real drawback is the mammoth amount of cargo capacity that the munition gobbles up. In [[Albion Prelude]], its volume was halved, allowing even an [[M3]] with decent cargo hold to act as a make-shift missile boat that can put a serious dent or outright destroy a capital ship or station. Note: There are no pre-existing factories for this missile. However, the factories can be bought from some [[Split]] shipyards and are fully functional. The Tornado is a highly dangerous missile, used by fighters for close-in strafings. (the missile fires as 8 separate warheads in quick succession, making its total damage 400mj.) Occasionally, Xenon fighters will drop them. [[Category:Swarm missiles]]