{{TSclass}} class ships are the rugged bears of space commerce. 

Transports carry ''every'' sort of cargo around the [[X-universe]] due to their versatile and capacious cargo bays.

They are frequently assigned to factories to handle the acquisition of raw materials and distribution of finished goods. It is not uncommon however for free traders piloting a TS to make a profit selling wares between stations, buying low and selling high. 

When equipped with an [[Ore Collector]], Transports (due to their capacious XL cargo bays) may also be used for [[Mobile Mining]] operations.

Each transporter comes in different variants. Ranging across standard models, miners, tankers, haulers and superfreighters, the principle difference between variants is the balance between speed and cargo capacity. Some models like miners are most distinguished by built-in equipment like Ore Collectors.

Albion Prelude has introduced the [[TS+]] variant, which trades speed for a larger cargo bay.

== Sortable List ==

{| class="wikitable prettytable sortable" border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0" style="text-align:right;"
|+ '''TS Transports'''
! Name !! Race !! Class !! Speed !! Accel !! Steering !! Hull !! Shields !! Shield Reactor !! Turrets !! Laser Cap !! Laser Rchg. !! Cargo !! [[Cargo Class]] !! Hangar !! Price
|-
| [[Mercury (ship)|Mercury]] || [[Argon]] || [[TS]] ||  100 || 5 || 6.5 || 60,000 || 3 x 25MJ || 600 || 1 || 850 || 8 || 4,000 || XL || 0 || 189,335
|-
| [[Dolphin]] || [[Boron]] || [[TS]] || 74 || 3 || 4.6 || 18,000 || 3 x 25MJ || 650 || 0 || 750 || 7 || 5,000 || XL || 0 || 248,820
|-
| [[Demeter]] || [[Paranid]] || [[TS]] || 110 || 5 || 6 || 20,000 || 3 x 25MJ || 600 || 1 || 950 || 9 || 3,800 || XL || 0 || 435,204
|-
| [[Caiman]] || [[Split]] || [[TS]] || 124.4 || 7 || 5.9 || 16,000 || 2 x 25MJ || 500 || 1 || 2,100 || 21 || 3,500 || XL || 0 || 216,360
|-
| [[Vulture]] || [[Teladi]] || [[TS]] || 79 || 3 || 4.4 || 24,000 || 2 x 25MJ || 300 || 1 || 850 || 8 || 4,500 || XL || 0 || 227,235
|-
| [[Baldric]] || [[Terran]] || [[TS]] || 110 || 7 || 5.8 || 17,000 || 5 x 25MJ || 780 || 1 || 850 || 8 || 4,500 || XL || 0 || 378,670
|-
| [[Mistral]] || [[OTAS]] || [[TS]] || 130 || 10 || 6.5 || 20,000 || 4 x 25MJ || 600 || 4 || 850 || 8 || 4,000 || XL || 0 || 288,910
|}

== See Also ==

{{TS}}