<!-- source file: index__q6a6d061baa23.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox missile|Missile=Typhoon Missile|Yield=30000|Speed=195|Range=74.8|Cooldown=2000|Seeker=Targeted|Submunitions=8|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=0}} {{Infobox ware|ware=Typhoon Missile|cargoclass=M|volume=3|minprice=30323|aveprice= 33692|maxprice=37061}} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Typhoon is a [[Missiles#Overview|swarm]] missile that has long range, high damage, decent speed, and the fact that it takes up a fairly tolerable amount of cargo space; this makes it quite well-balanced and versatile. When launched at a fighter swarm, it is utterly devastating, although it won't be able to catch up to [[M5]]s because of its slow speed. It is also dangerously effective at ripping through even the shields of an [[M2]] when launched in bulk. ===Encyclopedia Entry=== Holding more accuracy than the Firefly, the Typhoon Missile again allows multiple armaments to be launched at the same target, however with the addition of Image Recognition tracking, the possibility of success has been raised substantially. Again launching simultaneously or in succession, the pilot has the option of firing when not directly pointed at the target at hand. ==Commentary== The Typhoon's only real drawbacks are the high cost of deploying it, and that it cannot lock on to new targets after its original one is destroyed. Otherwise it is a potent anti-fighter/corvette weapon, and a favourite amongst missile users. It also can serve as a potent anti-capital ship weapon from afar due to being compatible with many ships [[M6]]-class or higher and can be carried in bulk to confound enemy capital ship turrets. Because it is a corvette-grade missile, no craft below M6s can equip it to avoid unbalancing the game. An exception to this is the [[Medusa|Paranid Medusa Prototype]], the only fighter to be able to carry the Typhoon as well as the [[Firestorm Torpedo]] and the [[Hornet Missile]]. Thanks to its race-neutral standardization with any [[Commonwealth]] capital ship (not to mention [[Xenon]] capital ships), as well as having [[Typhoon Missile Factory|available factories for it]], the Typhoon is generally considered the best overall swarm missile for general purpose duty, except for its aforementioned inability to chase an [[M5]] ship. ==Availability== NPC Factories *[[Swarm_Missile_Production_Complex|Swarm Missile Production Complex]] Player Factories *[[Typhoon_Missile_Factory|Typhoon Missile Factory]] &lt;br> [[Category:Commonwealth missiles]] [[Category:Swarm missiles]] [[Category:Medium missiles]] {{Missile Navbox}}