<!-- source file: index__qcd430a523dc9.html -->

__NOINDEX__ Can you help me out on my page [[Complex]] it looks so ugly! thanks in advanced! has no life...again. [[Special:Contributions/Madned|see.]] woo 58 already [[User:Madned|Madned]] 02:25, 23 June 2010 (UTC) 118, slowing down already :( [[User:Madned|Madned]] 22:20, 1 July 2010 (UTC) 693 yay. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 21:57, 16 July 2010 (UTC) anyone else getting intermittent site interruptions? [[User:Madned|Madned]] 20:26, 23 September 2010 (CDT) I just checked the server logs, for some reason the server had a massive load last night. However without massive CPU or memory use, so I think it was the storage network that went a bit crazy. It was fixed by a reboot. ---- 49 page fill-ins til wanted pages are under 500, woohoo! :P [[User:Madned|Madned]] 18:03, 4 October 2010 (CDT) Hmm most wanted pages are sectors. I think we should try to concentrate on completing all the ships first. With their weapons etc. A lot of work but once its done, its really good. After this we can try to concentrate on all the stations and sectors? - rexde500 5 october stations are a bit tricky, and the templates aren't quite right yet. they also naturally lead into the wares. sectors are straightforward, the general page layout probably needs adjustment, but the infobox looks pretty sound. they lead naturally into the stations of course. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 13:16, 5 October 2010 (CDT) yay! sub 500 wanteds. ok. that was fun. back to the grind. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 17:25, 6 October 2010 (CDT) ha! sub 100 wanteds...temporarily. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 22:38, 11 February 2011 (CST) yay, econ stations all stubbed out. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 00:52, 9 March 2011 (CST) ah x3wiki my old friend. sorry about the neglect, but well, stuff to do now so not so much the time. all in all site looks pretty good, although spam/vandals still seem to be a problem. oh yeah, *little dance* finished stubbing out the split shipyards. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 02:22, 13 August 2011 (CDT) ==wikimedia spam, funny and a little sad== &lt;blockquote>spamming is pointless, because external links have the rel=nofollow attribute&lt;/blockquote> from meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Wiki_spam &lt;br/> examined one of our valid external links and it appears to be true.[[User:Madned|Madned]] 15:56, 23 April 2012 (CDT) ==Spoiler concept== spoiler concept&lt;br> use in the w3c s-chools test beds: (remove dashes) ww-w.w3s-chools.com/CSS/css_display_visibility.asp &lt;br> borrows heavily from css drop down menu concepts. &lt;pre> &lt;style> #spoil2 {visibility:hidden;} #spoil li:hover #spoil2 {visibility:visible;} &lt;/style &lt;ul id="spoil"> &lt;li>Percoidei&lt;br /> &lt;span id="nav2"> test2&lt;bR> test3&lt;bR> test4 &lt;/span> &lt;/li> &lt;/ul>&lt;bR> &lt;ul id="spoil2" style="clear:left;"> &lt;li>&lt;a href="#">Percoidei2&lt;/a> &lt;span id="nav2"> test3&lt;bR> test4&lt;bR> test5 &lt;/span> &lt;/li> &lt;/ul> &lt;/pre> primary problem seems to be getting the style definition to operate, don't know how to definite a style block in wikimedia. neat, works without links.&lt;br> the obvious conclusion of this would be a template which essentially puts the spoiler in the span nav2 tags hidden, and some sort of anchor reveal tag which would reveal it. &lt;pre> &lt;style> ul { padding: 0; margin: 0; list-style: none; } #spoil2 {visibility:hidden;} #spoil li:hover #spoil2 {visibility:visible;} &lt;/style> &lt;ul id="spoil" style="clear:left;"> &lt;li>Hover to Reveal Spoiler&lt;br> &lt;span id="spoil2"> {{{1}}} &lt;/span> &lt;/li> &lt;/ul> &lt;/pre> option 2 is to switch font and link colors to white and require users to highlight to display. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 15:47, 17 February 2011 (CST) javascript trigger concept: onMouseOver="document.getElementById('spoil2').style.visibility='visible'" limited by wikimedia javascript ban. alternatively as a class declaration:&lt;bR> &lt;pre> &lt;style> .spoiler li {height:2em;} .spoiler li div {visibility:hidden;} .spoiler li:hover div {visibility:visible;} &lt;/style> &lt;ul class="spoiler" style="padding: 0;margin: 0;list-style: none;clear: left;"> &lt;li>&lt;span style="background-color:yellow;color:red;padding:0 1em 0 1em;">Hover to Reveal Spoiler&lt;/span>&lt;br> &lt;div>{{{1}}}&lt;/div> &lt;/li> &lt;/ul> &lt;/pre> class declaration is slightly more useful as it'll work with any arrangement within the spoiler class object so a multiple array could be handled, although it's probably simpler to drop the unordered list in a template and then call repeatedly. it should be noted as defined it will reveal all div tags within the list item. also disp-lay:none/inline/block may be substituted as desired for the visibility. The difference between visibility and display is the display hides the object completely, it does not reserve space, visibility on the other hand will reserve space and merely masks the subject much like a font color, but without being able to see the text when highlighted. class for example would work with this: &lt;pre> &lt;ul class="spoiler" style="height:1em;padding: 0;margin: 0;list-style: none;clear: left;"> &lt;li>&lt;span style="background-color:yellow;color:red;padding:0 1em 0 1em;">Hover to Reveal Spoiler&lt;/span>&lt;br> &lt;div>{{{1}}}&lt;/div> &lt;div>{{{1}}}&lt;/div> &lt;/li> &lt;li style="position:relative;left:10em;">&lt;span style="background-color:yellow;color:red;padding:0 1em 0 1em;">Hover to Reveal Spoiler&lt;/span>&lt;br> &lt;div>{{{1}}}&lt;/div> &lt;/li> &lt;li style="position:relative;left:20em;"> &lt;div>{{{1}}}&lt;/div> &lt;/li> &lt;/ul> &lt;/pre> whereas the variant operating on ids would require each element to be appropriately id'd. also the last example ==Tabbing experiment== &lt;span class="funkyblue">test&lt;/span> portions adapted from {{linky}}www.w3.org/Style/Examples/007/target.en.html#tab2 &lt;pre> div.tabs > div:not(:target) > div { position: absolute; } target...default (line 96) div.tabs > div > div { background: none repeat scroll 0 0 #CCCCCC; border: 0.1em outset #BBBBBB; bottom: 0; left: 0; overflow: auto; padding: 0.3em; right: 0; top: 1.3em; z-index: -2; } &lt;/pre> full style. &lt;pre> div.tabs { min-height: 7em; /* No height: can grow if :target doesn't work */ position: relative; /* Establish a containing block */ line-height: 1; /* Easier to calculate with */ z-index: 0} /* So that we can put other things behind */ div.tabs > div { display: inline} /* We want the buttons all on one line */ div.tabs > div > a { color: black; /* Looks more like a button than a link */ background: #CCC; /* Active tabs are light gray */ padding: 0.2em; /* Some breathing space */ border: 0.1em outset #BBB; /* Make it look like a button */ border-bottom: 0.1em solid #CCC} /* Visually connect tab and tab body */ div.tabs > div:not(:target) > a { border-bottom: none; /* Make the bottom border disappear */ background: #999} /* Inactive tabs are dark gray */ div.tabs > div:target > a, /* Apply to the targeted item or... */ :target #default2 > a { /* ... to the default item */ border-bottom: 0.1em solid #CCC; /* Visually connect tab and tab body */ background: #CCC} /* Active tab is light gray */ div.tabs > div > div { background: #CCC; /* Light gray */ z-index: -2; /* Behind, because the borders overlap */ left: 0; top: 1.3em; /* The top needs some calculation... */ bottom: 0; right: 0; /* Other sides flush with containing block */ overflow: auto; /* Scroll bar if needed */ padding: 0.3em; /* Looks better */ border: 0.1em outset #BBB} /* 3D look */ div.tabs > div:not(:target) > div { /* Protect CSS1 &amp; CSS2 browsers */ position: absolute } /* All these DIVs overlap */ div.tabs > div:target > div, :target #default2 > div { position: absolute; /* All these DIVs overlap */ z-index: -1} /* Raise it above the others */ div.tabs :target { outline: none} &lt;/pre> &lt;div class="tabs"> &lt;div id="tab1"> [[#tab1|Tab&amp;nbsp;1]] &lt;div>One might well argue, that...&lt;/div> &lt;/div> &lt;div id="tab2"> [[#tab2|Tab&amp;nbsp;2]] &lt;div>... 30 lines of CSS is rather a lot, and...&lt;/div> &lt;/div> &lt;div id="tab3"> [[#tab3|Tab&amp;nbsp;3]] &lt;div>... that 2 should have been enough, but...&lt;/div> &lt;/div> &lt;div id="default2"> [[#default2|Default]] &lt;div>... it works!&lt;/div> &lt;/div> &lt;/div> &lt;div id="flytabs_0" class="ui-tabs ui-widget ui-widget-content ui-corner-all">&lt;ul class="ui-tabs-nav ui-helper-reset ui-helper-clearfix ui-widget-header ui-corner-all"> &lt;li class="ui-state-default ui-corner-top">[[#ui-tabs-1|test1]]&lt;/li> &lt;li class="ui-state-default ui-corner-top">[[#ui-tabs-2|test2]]&lt;/li> &lt;li class="ui-state-default ui-corner-top">[[#ui-tabs-3|test3]]&lt;/li> &lt;li class="ui-state-default ui-corner-top">[[#ui-tabs-d|clear]]&lt;/li> &lt;/ul> &lt;div id="ui-tabs-1" class="ui-tabs-panel ui-widget-content ui-corner-bottom hidetab">..item1&lt;/div> &lt;div id="ui-tabs-2" class="ui-tabs-panel ui-widget-content ui-corner-bottom hidetab">..item2&lt;/div> &lt;div id="ui-tabs-3" class="ui-tabs-panel ui-widget-content ui-corner-bottom hidetab">..item3&lt;/div> &lt;div id="ui-tabs-d" class="ui-tabs-panel ui-widget-content ui-corner-bottom hidetab">&lt;!--default clear-->&lt;/div> &lt;/div> bR>