==Moderator request==

Hey,

I would like to be a moderator, so i can (for instance) deal with the spammers.

Also, i think you should put Missions in the list of links on the Main Page.

[[User:Anarchistica|Anarchistica]] 11:04, 10 May 2011 (CDT)

==Admin privileges==

Hi Rex,

We've got serious spammer issues here.

We need to do some page protects and - regrettably - user deletions. I can't, I don't have the necessary admin priviliges. I can't modify the homepage either, which is (potentially) a bit of a pain.

If it's possible to hand me access then I'll do my best to make your job easier for you.

Also, if you can PM me on the [{{linky}}forum.egosoft.com/profile.php?mode=viewprofile&u=315646 forums] with a contact address, we won't have to co-ordinate our work on this page and can work more immediately. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 19:52, 28 January 2011 (CST)

== spam filter suggestion ==

Hi,

I've noticed the spam filter mentions blacklisting. Is it possible to switch it to whitelisting and then select specific sites that are ok? ie: egosoft, x3tc.ru, rohrbecka's new place(rohrbecka.yaki-syndicate.de). [[User:Madned|Madned]] 23:50, 19 April 2011 (CDT)

: Following up the whitelisting suggestion, it seems like wikis are commonly using them now. 
:ie: 
:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MediaWiki:Spam-whitelist 
:*www.wowpedia.org/MediaWiki:Spam-whitelist
:on the downside, it requires active admin maintenance, on the upside for this wiki, there are relatively few sites that are of relevance, so the number of links admins have to add should be low and slow to grow. the other side of this solution is to disallow all external links and let the whitelist handle the permits. 
:something else i've been observing lately is the ht-tp ban doesn't seem to be holding for user pages. not quite sure about a fix for that. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 16:00, 23 April 2012 (CDT)

:Another thing.
: found www.umasswiki.com/wiki/UMassWiki:Blocking_Spam_In_Mediawiki
: which mentions blocking blank user agents. via .htaccess. [[User:Madned|Madned]] 16:00, 23 April 2012 (CDT)

== spam filter ==
I removed http from the spamfilter so links should be possible. Lets see how it goes with the spam

--------
Not well, but I think I may have a solution. [[User:Spychotic|Spychotic]] 17:19, 9 May 2011 (CDT)

: I was thinking more along the lines of {{linky}}mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:SpamBlacklist#Whitelist
: although they don't really detail the usage too well.
: keep the http exclusion and permit trusted sites to be excepted from that exclusion, if someone wants to add a new site they should petition to get it added to the whitelist.
: may cause really devoted spammers to use odd site links which use trusted urls as part of their url, but benefits seem like they should be diminishing.
: I was kinda hoping the spam filter had a white list function included.
:
: ok found your solution, need to reban http to see if it works. interesting. looks like we annoyed the spammers though, they sicced forum troll bots on us. possibly just one. not sure why they would bother though. costs them a trivial amount of network time, but presumably they could be using it to earn money from link spam. also if we were particularly active/savvy we'd be harvesting their the IPs for blacklisting.  [[User:Madned|Madned]] 23:41, 10 May 2011 (CDT)

== Spamming filters ==

Hello there

Would just like to point out that the spamming filter blocks the word "b-ank"(with no dash), which makes it hard to edit some pages cause there are a lot of articles with that word in them.

Let me know if I can help out; I'm not an X series veteran but I would like to help out anyway. --[[User:Pallustris|Pallustris]] 18:36, 11 May 2011 (CDT)

== Uploading Privileges ==

Hey. I was wondering if you could possibly either give me uploading privileges, or alternately, upload a list of images if I uploaded them to another website first? I was thinking it would be good to flesh out a lot of the ship pages with pictures, and possibly even system pictures, and pictures of jump gates etc.

I have plenty stored up in my steam account, and since I regularly take lots of them during gameplay, it wouldn't be too difficult to start adding.
[[User:Korlus|<font color="red">'''Korlus'''</font>]] - [[User talk:Korlus|<sup>(talk)</sup>]] [[Special:contributions/Korlus|<sub>(contribs)</sub>]] 04:59, 17 July 2013 (CDT)


== Request (Section Transclusion) ==
Hey. I've been looking at restructuring the way we store data on the wiki, for things like ships etc. You'll notice that we replicate the same data on multiple pages, e.g:
*[[Ship List]]
*[[M3]]
*[[Nova]]

I've been trying to work out a way to relegate basic data to the basic page (e.g. "Nova"), then transclude (template like style) the data back into future pages, i.e. put the Nova section in "Nova" (commented out, most likely), set up selected transclusions (so the data in the Nova tables can be auto-updated based on data from its own page), and then the M3 page could transclude all of the transcludable data from the Nova page, and the Ship List page could transclude the M3 page.

It would also make things like making [[List of Argon Ships:X3-Terran Conflict]] actually easier and more maintainable. In fact, once you've set up the basic templates on each of the ship pages (which ought to be a case of copy and pasting the relevant lines out of the "Ship List" page, and wrapping it in its own template), setting up a better set of ship navigation pages would be child's play.

It would be a lot of work (I'd be willing to do almost all of it over the next month or so). The problem is I can't seem to get section transclusion working. I think it's not enabled in this wiki. I was wondering if it would be possible to install the plugin for it, or enable it if it simply isn't enabled?

{{linky}}mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Labeled_Section_Transclusion

[[User:Korlus|<font color="red">'''Korlus'''</font>]] - [[User talk:Korlus|<sup>(talk)</sup>]] [[Special:contributions/Korlus|<sub>(contribs)</sub>]] 13:31, 31 July 2013 (CDT)


== remarks ==
Knighster35: What is your problem with my modification, I have nearly fill many missing data and you undo it. ???

I remark your last modification on main page, can you capitalize the "mission" words as other items? Thanks. [[User:Knighster35|Knighster35]] ([[User talk:Knighster35|talk]]) 12:58, 2 April 2014 (CDT)