<!-- source file: index__qcdfe359370a3.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Vali |Faction=ATF |Class={{M6+class}} |Priceblock={{priceblock||14606957}} |Minspeed=55 |Maxspeed=110 |Minaccel=5 |Maxaccel=10 |Minsteer=1.2 |Maxsteer=2.4 |Hull=67500 / 270000 (AP) |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=6 |Maxshieldstrength=1200 |Shieldreactor= 4000 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=700 |Maxcargo=850 |Lasercap=19500 |Laserrecharge=580 / 2000 (AP) |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=2 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Vali is nominally an improvement on the older [[Vidar|ATF Vidar]]. It has lighter frontal firepower than its predecessor, but better turret coverage and an extra [[Shields#200_MJ|200 MJ]] shield slot. It is slightly slower and has a smaller cargo capacity than the Vidar. While slower and larger than most other heavy corvettes, it is the best shielded and provides an excellent defense in a sentinel or escort role. ==Background== Superseding the previous corvette, the Vali's heavier shielding and weaponry mean that when on patrol or escorting a task group, the enemy will maintain a respectful distance. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == The Vali is almost a very light [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ship]]. The fighting style is certainly closer to an [[M7]] than an [[M6]], although the offensive power is definitely closer to the Corvette class. Due to its high survivability, it is one of the more effective [[M6+]]s. == Equipment == '''Hardpoints:''' *[[Electro-Magnetic Plasma Cannon]] *[[Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher]] '''Missiles:''' *[[Poltergeist Missile]] *[[Spectre Missile]] *[[Wraith Missile]] Its small cargo bay leaves little room for [[Matter/Anti-Matter Warhead|Matter/Anti-Matter Warheads]], missiles, and [[jumpdrive]] energy, greatly limiting its range and endurance. == Availability == Like all [[ATF]] ships, the Vali is not available for sale and must be [[boarding|pirated]] from an ATF patrol. It is commonly found escorting larger ATF ships like the [[ATF]] [[Aegir]] and [[ATF]] [[Skirnir]] or in small patrol groups of multiple Valis. In Albion Prelude it is purchasable from the Shipyards in Megnir and The Moon. == Suggested Roles== The Vali excels as an escort or as a patrol or station defense craft in sectors frequented by pirates. == See Also== *[[Vidar|ATF Vidar]] {{M6+}} [[Category:Not Purchasable]] {{ATF Navbox}}