{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Venti
|Faction=OTAS
|Class={{M3class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|Argon|Accepted Advisor 3,314,764}}
|Minspeed=78
|Maxspeed=195
|Minaccel=16.49
|Maxaccel=41.23
|Minsteer=19.35
|Maxsteer=48.38
|Hull=8000 / 16000 (AP)
|Maxshield=25 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=100
|Shieldreactor= 825
|Cargoclass=L
|Mincargo=86
|Maxcargo=200
|Lasercap= 5600
|Laserrecharge=140
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=10
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=1|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=1|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=1|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
An extremely dangerous fighter, the Venti is fast, well-shielded and has a massive frontal weapons array with 10 hardpoints. Its small laser generator can be bypassed by using the [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]] or the low-consumption [[Plasma Burst Generator]], which makes the Venti obscenely dangerous. A very powerful asset.

The only drawback of the Venti is the rather cramped cargo bay, which cannot compete with other M3s/M3+s, so don't over-compensate with your choice of weapons.

==Background==
Like all ships designed and built by OTAS, it is extremely well made and some say this is one of the most advanced class of M3s in the modern age. Many believe this is still a prototype design as its rarely seen in space and not available to be bought. 
 
==Physical Characteristics==
Unique to all ship designs - the Venti has a dual mini-gun set up (aka 'Gatling gun'). This gives the impression it can deliver a huge amount of firepower, something backed up by the actual delivery of a fully armed 10 frontal weapons array. Arguably the coolest fighter in the game, though its paintwork could do with some spiffing up - it looks rusty!

== Combat ==
Swift, agile, well fortified and packing a serious wallop, the Venti is an exceptional dogfighter. It will run out of energy quite quickly if it is filled with heavy energy-draining weapons such as the [[High Energy Plasma Thrower|HEPT]] but even then can still eke out enough energy to support continuous fire from at least one weapon. Be wary of its physical ammo consumption as well - when equipped with many [[Energy Bolt Chaingun]]s, it can run out of ammunition quickly and will need to be resupplied often.

== Equipment ==
{|
|+ '''Missiles'''
|- style="vertical-align:top;"
|
*[[Mosquito Missile]]
*[[Wasp Missile]]
*[[Dragonfly Missile]]
*[[Silkworm Missile]]
|
*[[Disruptor Missile]]
*[[Firefly Missile]]
*[[Thunderbolt Missile]]
*[[Tempest Missile]]
|
*[[Hurricane Missile]]
*[[Cyclone Missile]]
*[[Tornado Missile]]
*[[Aurora Missile]]
|
*[[Remote Guided Warhead]]
*[[Beluga Missile]]
*[[Hammerhead Missile]]
*[[Rapier Missile]]
|
*[[Firelance Missile]]
*[[Wildfire Missile]]
*[[Windstalker Missile]]
*[[Banshee Missile]]
|}
== Availability ==
This ship is only available as a reward for completing a high level OTAS mission. So in theory the player can only ever own one Venti. In practice, it can be reverse engineered and constructed at the player headquarters, or several of them can be obtained during the OTAS plot chain using an exploit.
Can be purchased at OTAS shipyard in Albion Prelude.

== Suggested Roles==

The Venti makes for an excellent carrier-worthy fighter, once reverse-engineered in the player HQ. In numbers, they can easily shred any fighter and capital ship within minutes to seconds.

== See Also==

{{M3}}