<!-- source file: index__qbccc3b9855ee.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Viper |Faction=Split |Class={{M8class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|Family Protector| 5423203}} |Minspeed=87.5 |Maxspeed=175 |Minaccel=15 |Maxaccel=31 |Minsteer=11.8 |Maxsteer=23.7 |Hull=20000 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=100 |Shieldreactor=1040 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=500 |Maxcargo=700 |Lasercap=1200 |Laserrecharge=34 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Missileturret|Slot=Front|Lcount=2}} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=1|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Viper is the [[Split]] [[M8|bomber]] ship. It is the fastest in its class and its shields are not as ridiculously lacking as many Split ships are. However, it has the smallest cargo capacity of the [[M8|bomber]] class, meaning it cannot carry as much ordinance as its counterparts. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The [[Split]] were naturally among the first to develop a specialised [[M8|bomber]] capability. The Viper epitomises the best of Split ship design and combat effectiveness. ==Physical Characteristics== The Viper looks similar to many other Split fighters, with an angular fuselage and a rust-red color. == Combat == The Viper fights like any other [[M8|bomber]], and has the usual single point-defence weapon in its rear. Its better speed means it can more easily evade being swamped and destroyed by fighters, although its weak shielding means if it does get caught, it has little chance of survival. == Equipment == The Viper utilizes the [[Tomahawk Heavy Missile]]. == Availability == {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="{{Colour/Split}}" ! Variant !! [[Rhonkar's Trial]] !! [[Patriarch's Conclusion]] !! [[Zyarth's Stand]] |- ! Viper || x || x || x || |} It may also be found among [[Split]] patrols and [[Pirates|pirate]] wings spawned by [[Defend_Station|station defense]] missions and is vulnerable to the [[bail]] and [[claim]] mechanic. == Suggested Roles== The Viper excels at launching its load of missiles at opposing [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ships]] and stations at long range and then utilizing its fast speed to retreat to safety. This makes it the perfect hit-and-run type of bomber if one is fascinated by this role. == See Also== {{M8}} {{Split Navbox}}