<!-- source file: index__q9287bda9630c.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Vulture |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 227,235 }} |Minspeed=44.4 |Maxspeed=79.9 |Minaccel=2 |Maxaccel=3 |Minsteer=2.5 |Maxsteer=4.4 |Hull=24,000 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=50 |Shieldreactor= 300 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=3000 |Maxcargo=4500 |Lasercap=850 |Laserrecharge=8 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Vulture Hauler |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 884575}} |Minspeed=35.5 |Maxspeed=63.9 |Minaccel=1 |Maxaccel=2 |Minsteer=1.7 |Maxsteer=3.1 |Hull= |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=3 |Maxshieldstrength=75 |Shieldreactor=300 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=7000 |Maxcargo=9000 |Lasercap=850 |Laserrecharge=8 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Vulture Miner |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 589292}} |Minspeed=47.5 |Maxspeed=85.5 |Minaccel=1 |Maxaccel=3 |Minsteer=2.5 |Maxsteer=4.5 |Hull= |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=50 |Shieldreactor=330 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=4025 |Maxcargo=5175 |Lasercap=850 |Laserrecharge=8 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Vulture Prototype |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=53.0 |Maxspeed=95.4 |Minaccel=2 |Maxaccel=3 |Minsteer=1.1 |Maxsteer=2.1 |Hull= |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=100 |Shieldreactor=330 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=4025 |Maxcargo=8000 |Lasercap=850 |Laserrecharge=8 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=0|pac=0|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=1|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Vulture Super Freighter |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 979275}} |Minspeed=34.2 |Maxspeed=61.5 |Minaccel=1 |Maxaccel=2 |Minsteer=1.5 |Maxsteer=2.8 |Hull= |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=100 |Shieldreactor= 330 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=6475 |Maxcargo=8325 |Lasercap=850 |Laserrecharge=8 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Vulture Super Freighter XL |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 1930860}} |Minspeed=31.9 |Maxspeed=57.5 |Minaccel=1 |Maxaccel=3 |Minsteer=1.2 |Maxsteer=2.1 |Hull= |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=100 |Shieldreactor= 330 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=10325 |Maxcargo=13275 |Lasercap=850 |Laserrecharge=8 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox variant |Variant= Vulture Tanker |Faction=Teladi |Class={{TSclass}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 403344 }} |Minspeed=44.4 |Maxspeed=79.9 |Minaccel=2 |Maxaccel=3 |Minsteer=2.5 |Maxsteer=4.4 |Hull= 24000 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=2 |Maxshieldstrength=50 |Shieldreactor= 300 |Cargoclass=XL |Mincargo=3000 |Maxcargo=4500 |Lasercap=850 |Laserrecharge=8 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=0| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The Vulture is comparable with the Boron Dolphin. For a few less credits you get a little more speed, a little weaker shields and a little less cargo space. Many players will willingly pay the Dolphin's higher price for the extra cargo space and shields. ==Background== ===Encyclopedia Entry=== The Vulture is the trading vessel commonly used by the Teladi in all space sectors, and can always be found wherever the greatest profit is to be made no matter whose sector it happens to be. ==Variants== ===Vulture=== The Vulture is the standard against which the other variants is compared. It has average speed and a small cargo bay relative to the others. ===Vulture Hauler=== The Vulture Hauler doubles the standard Vulture's cargo space and mounts an additional shield, but is 16 m/s slower. ===Vulture Miner=== The Vulture Miner is faster and has a slightly larger cargo bay than the standard Vulture, but cannot mount any weaponry other than those that go in the [[Utility Slot]]. ===Vulture Prototype=== Like other Prototype variants, the Vulture Prototype improves on the standard variant in most respects: it has more shielding, larger cargo and is significantly faster. ===Vulture Super Freighter=== The Super Freighter variant is heavily shielded, but is slower and has a smaller cargo bay than the Vulture Hauler. ===Vulture Super Freighter XL=== The Vulture Super Freighter XL is atrociously slow at 57.5 m/s, but boasts the largest cargo bay of any Vulture variant. ===Vulture Tanker=== The Vulture Tanker is available at different shipyards, but is functionally identical to the standard Vulture. ==Physical Characteristics== The Vulture is essentially an engine with hooks that hold cargo boxes. The captain sits above and behind the cargo. == Combat == This ship doesn't have the firepower to fight, and lacks the speed to run away as well. With its poor shielding it can't resist attack very long, so do not allow this ship to get into an enemy's gunsight if help is not very close by. == Equipment == {| |+ '''Missiles''' |- style="vertical-align:top;" | *[[Mosquito Missile]] *[[Dragonfly Missile]] *[[Firefly Missile]] | *[[Aurora Missile]] *[[Rapier Missile]] *[[Firelance Missile]] |} == Availability == All Vultures come equipped with [[Trade Command Software|Trade Command Software MK1]], and Vulture Miners also come pre-equipped with: *[[Mineral Scanner]] *[[Ore Collector]] *[[Special Command Software]] {| style="text-align:center;" cellpadding="3" |- style="{{Colour/Teladi}}" ! width="180px" | Variant !! [[Ceo's Sprite]] !! [[Grand Exchange]] !! [[Ianamus Zura]] !! [[Ministry of Finance]] !! [[PTNI Headquarters]] !! [[Seizewell]] |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Vulture || x || || || || || x |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Vulture Hauler || x || || || || || x |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Vulture Miner || x || || x || || || |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Vulture Super Freighter || x || x || || || || |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Vulture Super Freighter XL|| x || x || || x || || |- ! style="text-align:left;" | Vulture Tanker || x || x || || || x || |} The Vulture Prototype cannot be bought, and must be [[Bail|captured]]. It is awarded by [[NMMC]] upon reaching [[Reputation#NMMC|rank 4]]. Some Teladi Mineral Transporters are Vulture Prototypes (check ship stats to determine if it is a prototype or standard variant). == Suggested Roles== The Vulture often suffers in comparison to the Boron Dolphin. It features a minor improvement in speed and price at the cost of a smaller cargo bay and weaker shields. They can however fill the same roles. *Station Trader *Manual Trader Like most TS class ships, the relatively weak shields and low speeds mean they should be kept away from combat. == See Also== {{TS}} {{Teladi Navbox}}