Wares are the raw and manufactured goods of the X universe.

Everything in space is a ware and generally occupies space.<br>
There are two properties of cargo:
* [[Cargo Class]]: which describes general dimensions limiting carriage on certain transports. 
* Volume: a numerical description of space limiting carriage to vessels which have enough total free space.

==Types of Wares==
===Ship Equipment===
====Tactical Equipment====
The following wares are offensive and defensive shipboard equipment and have their cargo information listed with their technical specs:
*[[Missiles]]
*[[Weapons]]
*[[Shields]]

====Other Equipment====
The following wares are shipboard equipment that have special functions aboard ship:
*[[Bioscanner]]
*[[Cargo Life Support System]]
*[[Docking Computer]]
*[[Duplex Scanner]]
*[[Freight Scanner]]
*[[Hull Polarising Device]]
*[[Internal Sentry Lasers]]
*[[Jumpdrive]]
*[[Mineral Scanner]]
*[[Ore Collector]]
*[[Salvage Insurance]]
*[[Singularity Engine Time Accelerator]]
*[[Spacefly Collector]]
*[[Trading System Extension]]
*[[Transporter device]]
*[[Triplex Scanner]]
*[[Video Enhancement Goggles]]
=====With [[Bonus Pack]]=====
*[[Turbo Booster]]

====Software====
There are also several software upgrades available which do not take up cargo space, but have unique functions aboard ship:
*[[Best Buys Locator]]
*[[Best Selling Price Locator]]
*[[Carrier Command Software]]
*[[Explorer Command Software]]
*[[Fight Command Software]]
*[[Navigation Command Software]]
*[[Patrol Command Software]]
*[[Software Signature Scrambler]]
*[[Special Command Software]]
*[[Supply Command Software]]
*[[System Override Software]]
*[[Trade Command Software]]
*[[Trading System Extension]]
=====With Bonus Pack=====
*[[Commodity Logistics Software]]


====Police Licenses====
The [[Commonwealth]] governments offer [[police license]]s, which award bounties against faction enemies.  Factions with whom the player is so licensed are noted with an <nowiki>[L]</nowiki> marking next to their [[Reputation|notoriety]] listing in the "Pilot Status" dialog. Additionally, you may scan ships in that races sector legally. (It’s not considered an aggressive act. This will turn the ships to enemy red if you find illegal goods aboard which can be destroyed with no reputation loss.)

For reasons unknown, the [[Terran]]s do not offer a similar license.

===Ship Upgrades===
These upgrades increase a ship's general performance.
*[[Engine Tuning]]
*[[Cargo Bay Extension]]
*[[Rudder Optimisation]]

===Other Wares===
These wares are simply trade goods.
{| class="wikitable" cellpadding="10"
|- valign="top"
|
=====Bio=====
*[[Argnu Beef]]
*[[BoGas]]
*[[Carbo Cake]]
*[[Chelts Meat]]
*[[Delexian Wheat]]
*[[Flavour Pack]]
*[[Maja Snails]]
*[[Plankton]]
*[[Protein Paste]]
*[[Scruffin Fruits]]
*[[Soja Beans]]
*[[Sunrise Flowers]]
*[[Swamp Plant]]
*[[Teladianium]]
*[[Vita Kai]]
*[[Water]]

|
=====Energy=====
*[[Energy Cells]]

|
=====Food=====
*[[BoFu]]
*[[C-Ration]]
*[[Cloth Rimes]]
*[[Majaglit]]
*[[Massom Powder]]
*[[Meatsteak Cahoonas]]
*[[Nostrop Oil]]
*[[Rastar Oil]]
*[[Soja Husk]]
*[[Space Fuel]]
*[[Space Weed]]
*[[Stott Spices]]
*[[Terran MRE]]

|
=====[[Asteroids|Minerals]]=====
*[[Ore]]
*[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]
*[[Ice]]
*[[Nividium]]

|
=====[[List of Miscellaneous Wares|Natural]]=====
*Cartography Chips
*Cleaning Robots
*Container 
*Debris
*Engine Components
*Entertainment Chips
*Jumpdrive Components
*Posters
*Promotional Plates
*Teladianium Panelling
|

=====Tech=====
*[[Cargo Bay Shielding]]
*[[Computer Components]]
*[[Crystals]]
*[[Disintegrator Rifles]]
*[[Hull Plating]]
*[[Low-yield Sidearms]]
*[[Microchips]]
*[[Quantum Tubes]]
*[[Recon Drone]]
*[[Terran EMP Rifles]]
*[[Warheads]]
=====Ammunition=====
*[[Energy Bolt Chaingun Ammunition]]
*[[Gauss Cannon Ammunition]]
*[[Mass Driver Ammunition]]
*[[Matter/Anti-Matter Warhead]]
|-
| colspan="6"|

=====Special Objects=====
Special Objects exist independently in space, many of them are sold aboard stations, some (like Jumpgates and Trans-Orbital Accelerators) exist only in space.
{| cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"
|- valign="top"
|
*[[Advanced Satellite]]
*[[Fighter Drone]]
*[[Fighter Drone MKII]]
*[[Freight Drone]]
*[[Jumpgate|Gate]]
*[[Ion Mine]]
*[[Jump Beacon]]
*[[Keris]]
*[[Lasertower]]
*[[Marines|Marine]]
| &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
|
*[[Matter/Anti-Matter Mine]]
*[[Mercenary]]
*[[Navigation Relay Satellite]]
*[[Navigational Beacon]]
*[[Slaves]]
*[[Spaceflies]]
*[[SQUASH Mine]]
*[[Tracker Mine]]
*[[Trans-Orbital Accelerator]]
|}
|}

==Illegal Wares==
{{See also|Illegal Wares by Faction}}

Depending on whose space you're in, different wares are illegal and will cause authorities to attempt to confiscate them. Refusal to eject the illegal ware will result in weapons fire.


In the case of a player factory producing illegal wares, police and military vessels will fire upon the offending station and generally become flagged as hostile.

{{:Illegal Wares by Faction}}

== See Also ==
* [[Inventory]]
{{Trading}}