{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Wasp Missile|Yield=1000|Speed=560|Range=18.1|Cooldown=750|Seeker=Targetted|Submunitions=8|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Wasp Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=1|minprice=|aveprice= 1348 |maxprice=}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Wasp light [[Missiles#Overview|swarm]] missile is arguably the best missile for destroying [[M4+|light fighters]], [[M4|interceptors]] and [[M5|scouts]]. This is due to the fact that it is powerful for its price, takes up very little storage and is exceptionally fast, in addition to being compatible with many, many ships.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Wasp Class Missile is a very powerful but light missile. The wasp missile is the first choice of small fighter craft. It is fast, accurate and very deadly. It's lethal reputation has even led it to be fitted to some destroyers. If fired in masses, the high speed makes it nearly impossible for a weapon system to defend against all incoming missiles.

==Commentary==
The Wasp is one of the older missiles in the X-Universe, however, its deployment in swarms is relatively new. Because it is compatible with most [[Commonwealth]] ships and is so good at destroying the small, annoying targets that heavier missiles can't catch, it is a big hit with users and quite possibly the second-most commonly employed missile after the [[Mosquito Missile|Mosquito]].  It can also be used in conjunction with anti-shield weapons like the [[Pulsed Beam Emitter]] against larger targets; 8,000 hull damage will put a dent in even [[M3]] and [[M6]] class vessels and having multiple warheads helps defeat enemy missile defenses.

Despite being very good at catching M5s and M4s, the Wasp may have trouble hitting the craft when launched in numbers due to a bug that causes the missiles to sometimes miss the hitbox; thus, it may be advisable to launch the missile in one or two volleys and at very close ranges.

==Availability==
NPC Factories
*[[Swarm_Missile_Production_Complex|Swarm Missile Production Complex]]

Player Factories
*[[Wasp_Missile_Factory|Wasp Missile Factory]]

<br>
[[Category:Swarm missiles]]
{{Missile Navbox}}