{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Wildfire Missile|Yield=15000|Speed=246|Range=33.3|Cooldown=|Seeker=Targetted|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Impact|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Image-recognition|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Wildfire Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=1|minprice=2863|aveprice= 3386|maxprice=3873}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Wildfire is a mildly useful, unbuyable Commonwealth missile commonly found as loot from mission enemies. It is quite fast, maneuverable and is powerful enough to kill most M4s in one hit.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
The Wildfire missile is a prototype missile developed by the Industritech Corporation before the Kha'ak attacks. However a production stage has not yet been reached. some missiles have reportedly gone missing, but official sources have denied that this is the case.

==Commentary==
A quick and quite powerful drop only weapon commonly salvaged from mission spawned enemies. Its usage is in the form of a good weapon for dealing with M4s on ships which can't keep up with them, such as frigates. Its damage is enough to 1-or-2 hit kill any basic [[M4]] in the game, and some of the [[M4+]] ships also.

However, few pilots are interested in the combat value of this munition and are more interested in the economic value, selling any they collect for cash. Because they are very commonly dropped by wrecks they can build up quickly in a scavenger's cargobay if they are not used or sold, particularly if you do a lot of combat missions, or Corporation missions that involve collecting various numbers of missiles such as these.
{{Missile Navbox}}
[[Category:Not Purchasable]]