{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox missile|Missile=Windstalker Missile|Yield=30000|Speed=179|Range=22.2|Cooldown=|Seeker=Autonomous|Submunitions=1|Fusing=Manual|Torpedoclass=|Guidance=Dumbfire|AoE=}}
{{Infobox ware|ware=Windstalker Missile|cargoclass=S|volume=1|minprice=|aveprice= 6740  |maxprice=}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
Another unloved [[Missiles#Overview|dumbfire]] munition, the Windstalker missile functions similar to the [[Aurora Missile]] in that it can be manually detonated at will by pressing the launch button a second time while it is in flight. However, while it is far more powerful, longer ranged, and takes up less cargo space compared to the Aurora, it has even worse speed, limiting it as a close-quarters weapon. Like the Aurora, the Windstalker has no actual AoE damage due to a programmer's oversight.

===Encyclopedia Entry===
One of the most powerful missiles in the synaptic range, the Windstalker has been proven to bring an edge to any combat pilot's weapon portfolio. Good speed and yield make this missile a wise choice for attack runs and interception of mid-range craft. Where covert operations without scanner use are required, the Windstalker is unsurpassed.

==Commentary==
Compatible only with bigger ships, there are better choices than the Windstalker for pretty much any task you might want to use it for. The fact that it is unavailable for purchase and is only available as scrap from destroyed craft further limits it usefulness, being only important during corporation quests that ask you to sometimes retrieve various numbers of these. Being cheap as chips, it's not even any good to sell for profit.
{{Missile Navbox}}
[[Category:Not Purchasable]]