<!-- source file: index__q0ea51c6b0767.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=LX |Faction=Xenon |Class={{M3+class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=62 |Maxspeed=143 |Minaccel= |Maxaccel=21 |Minsteer= |Maxsteer=55.2 |Hull=15000 |Maxshield=25 MJ |Shieldslots=4 |Maxshieldstrength=100 |Shieldreactor= 1350 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=140 |Maxcargo=350 |Lasercap=9250 |Laserrecharge=231 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Rear |Guncount=1 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The LX, when equipped with the [[Pulsed Beam Emitter]], is a very dangerous foe and should not be underestimated. One of the better ships for forcing a [[bail]] on a new acquisition, once you have managed to capture one yourself. ==Background== When this ship first appeared to the races (X3 Reunion)- they were all awestruck on how superior this M3 was compared to own class. It was simply a extemely well designed space superiority fighter which outclassed every other ship. Players would put extreme amounts of effort to pursue LXs and attempt to destroy the AI brain so it could be captured in one piece and used by the player. However since the starting events of the modern age (Terran Conflict), the quality of build of recently seen LX's have shown it has lost alot of its qualities and also the other races have caught up or surpassed this design. ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == The LX does not suffer the [[Xenon L|L's]] lack of weapons power so greatly; it is capable of sustained fire of several PBEs for a long time. This allows it to marmalise any opponent that gets close, and it is a match for a larger opponent when flown by a competant pilot. It will generally destroy anM4 or smaller in less than two seconds of continuous fire, and although it will run out of puff before sending an opposing M3 up in flames, it does deal enough damage on the first pass to damage the enemy sufficiently to prevent his escape. == Equipment == == Availability == The LX is not available to buy, and must be [[bail|capped]] in order to be used. == Suggested Roles== The LX is arguably the best ship for [[bail|capping]] fighters and transporters. == Headquarters Production Info == This ship can be reverse engineered and produced at the player Headquarters. Required materials and build time as follows: HQ Production Materials {| style="text-align:right;" ! Ware !! Amount |- valign="top" |[[Energy Cells]]||{{formatnum:5098}} |- |[[Teladianium]]||{{formatnum:159}} |- |[[Cloth Rimes]]||53 |- |[[Rastar Oil]]||106 |- |[[Ore]]||{{formatnum:212}} |- |[[Silicon|Silicon Wafers]]||{{formatnum:159}} |- |[[Crystals]]||53 |- |[[Quantum Tubes]]||53 |- |[[Microchips]]||106 |- |[[Computer Components]]||53 |- |Shipwright Fee ([[Credits]])|| {{formatnum:1504070}} |- |Build Time (game time)&lt;bR>(hh:mm:ss)|| 4:31:29 |} == See Also== *[[Eclipse|Argon Eclipse]] *[[Skate|Boron Skate]] *[[Medusa|Paranid Medusa]] *[[Chimera|Split Chimera]] *[[Kea|Teladi Kea]] *[[Cutlass|Terran Cutlass]] *[[Tenjin|Yaki Tenjin]] *[[Fenrir|ATF Fenrir]] *[[Notus|OTAS Notus]] {{M3+category}}