{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=PX
|Faction=Xenon
|Class={{M6+class}}
|Priceblock=
|Minspeed=55
|Maxspeed=126.5
|Minaccel=6
|Maxaccel=14
|Minsteer=1.4
|Maxsteer=4.2
|Hull=
|Maxshield=200 MJ
|Shieldslots=4
|Maxshieldstrength=800
|Shieldreactor= 3450
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=750
|Maxcargo=1150
|Lasercap=15250
|Laserrecharge=
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=7
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Rear
|Guncount=1
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=1|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=1|pac=1|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=1|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=0|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
One of the most dangerous ships in its class, the PX is quick, tough and powerful. It has a large laser generator, one more weapon slot in its main than the [[Argon]] [[Heavy Centaur]] and [[Boron]] [[Heavy Hydra]], and boasts [[Pulsed Beam Emitter]] capable turrets with enviable coverage. Its appearance is similar to the [[Xenon P]], but it has more engines and a slightly larger hull. Its huge agility advantage is lost however, and it is more in line with its fellow [[M6+]]es.

==Background==
==Physical Characteristics==
== Combat ==
A dangerous foe, the PX is rarely encountered alone, generally found at the head of scouting parties or protecting [[Xenon]] capital craft. It should be avoided by light and medium fighters, and combated with extreme caution by heavy fighters and other corvettes. Its PBE turrets will shred anything trying to find a blindspot and its lethal main array will obliterate anything in front of it. Best fought at either long range or, in the case of other corvettes, very close range assuming the pilot is confident they can remain behind it. 

If you are lucky enough to capture one, they are useful in escort or player ship roles, as the AI should never be left unescorted.

== Equipment ==
One of the few [[M6]] ships that can effectively use the mid-level weapons like the [[Ion Shard Railgun]] due to its good laser generator. Uses 4x200Mj shields.

== Availability ==
Board only - very difficult.

== Suggested Roles==
== See Also==
*[[M6+]] class;
**[[Heavy Centaur|Argon Heavy Centaur]]
**[[Heavy Hydra|Boron Heavy Hydra]]
**[[Hyperion|Paranid Hyperion]]
**[[Heavy Nemesis|Paranid Heavy Nemesis]]
**[[Heavy Dragon|Split Heavy Dragon]]
**[[Heavy Osprey|Teladi Heavy Osprey]]
**[[Vali|ATF Vali]]
**[[Skiron|OTAS Skiron]]

*[[M6]] class;
**[[Xenon P]]

{{M6+category}}