<!-- source file: index__qefc62fdae422.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=J |Faction=Xenon |Class={{M1class}} |Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 12,323,796 }} |Minspeed= 44.7 |Maxspeed= 89.4 |Minaccel= 4.0 |Maxaccel= 9.0 |Minsteer= 0.5 |Maxsteer= 0.9 |Hull= 480000 |Maxshield= 2 GJ |Shieldslots= 3 |Maxshieldstrength= 6000 |Shieldreactor= 9400 |Cargoclass= XL |Mincargo= 8000 |Maxcargo= 8000 |Lasercap= 42500 |Laserrecharge= 637 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Front |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Right |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Left |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=1|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Up |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Down |Guncount=8 |ire=0|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=0| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=1| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=1|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} {{Gunslot |Slot=Back |Guncount=8 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=1|ppc=1| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=1|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0|eempc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay={{Dockbay|50 [[M3+]]-[[M5]]}} }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== A powerful carrier in its own right, the J has more weapons than most destroyers, though not the generator to use them. It has a very wide array of weapon options however, including the powerful ammo-based Matter/Antimatter Launcher in some turrets. It is quite slow for its class, with average shielding. Despite this, it can be surprisingly difficult to kill, particularly if accompanied by a fighter or corvette wing due to its ability to cause a large amount of damage in a short period. ==Background== ==Physical Characteristics== == Combat == == Equipment == == Availability == The J can be found all over the universe in [[Xenon]] sectors, for those insane enough to try and [[boarding|pirate]] one. For those who wish to buy one, they can theoretically be purchased from the Xenon Shipyards... but as the Xenon hate everyone, it's impossible to buy one. == Suggested Roles== Capable of fleet support if you can capture one, the J makes for a great battle carrier due to its wide range of attacking options. A reasonably large hangar makes it lethal with a fighter wing, since it has good synergy with smaller, more agile units which complement its poor speed. Should never, like all carriers, be pitted against a destroyer. It is likely to lose. == See Also== *[[Colossus|Argon Colossus]] *[[Shark|Boron Shark]] *[[Kha'ak Carrier]] *[[Zeus|Paranid Zeus]] *[[Galleon|Pirate Galleon]] *[[Raptor|Split Raptor]] *[[Condor|Teladi Condor]] *[[Tokyo|Terran Tokyo]] *[[Hoshi|Yaki Hoshi]] *[[Odin|ATF Odin]] *[[Aran|Goner Aran]] *[[Deca|Terraformer #deca]] {{M1category}} [[Category:Not_Purchasable]]