<!-- source file: index__q5eb002e61220.html -->

{{Infobox open}} {{Infobox variant |Variant=Xperimental Shuttle |Faction=Terran |Class={{M3class}} |Priceblock= |Minspeed=128.4 |Maxspeed=321 |Minaccel=14 |Maxaccel=35 |Minsteer=19.4 |Maxsteer=48.5 |Hull=8000 |Maxshield=200 MJ |Shieldslots=1 |Maxshieldstrength=200 |Shieldreactor= 890 |Cargoclass=L |Mincargo=210 |Maxcargo=250 |Lasercap=5500 |Laserrecharge=121 |Gunbay=&lt;table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"> {{Gunslot |Slot=Main |Guncount=6 |ire=1|pac=1|hept=1| cig=0|ppc=0| md=0|us=0|prg=1| cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0| ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=1| psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0| faa=0|gc=0|pbe=1| isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0| empc=1|maml=0|ssc=0|psp=0| fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0| eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0 }} &lt;/table> |Dockbay= }} {{Infobox close}} ==Overview== The '''Xperimental Shuttle''' is a fast and powerful [[M3]] class ship with a colorful history. ==Background== Not much is known about the ship known as the Xperimental Shuttle. This ship was supposed to be able to cross vast distances without having to use [[jumpgate]]s, by generating its own wormhole. [[Argon]] scientists are still trying to fix the ship and get its drive back into working order. When the ship was built it was considered to be the fastest ship of its class, due to its revolutionary Matter/Anti-Matter drives. It also attracted the attention of people when it landed at stations, as the ship is unique. The USC '''X''', also known as the Xperimental Shuttle, or "Le Petit X" by its designers, is a [[Terran]] ship built from a reverse-engineered [[Xenon]] [[M5|scoutship]] that arrived in the Solar System with a gateless [[jumpdrive]]. The prototype, equipped with the Terran version of this point-to-point jumpdrive, was intended to allow the Terrans to begin a second wave of expansion without relying on the Xenon-infested jumpgate network. It was originally designed as a shuttle that could fly both in a planet's atmosphere and in outer space. In 2912, The X was flown by Earth pilot [[Kyle Brennan|Kyle William Brennan]]. The jump test went wrong, as although the jump was successful, it was not on target and overloaded all of the X-Shuttle's systems, and damaged the jumpdrive beyond repair. The Shuttle materialised in the [[Teladi|Teladi Space Company]] capital sector of [[Seizewell]], right in front of a Phoenix, beginning the chain of events that would lead to the [[X: Beyond the Frontier|destruction of the Xenon M0-class mothership]]. In 2913, after a failed attempt to repair the Jumpdrive, the X was given to the Argon Federation, and it remained in their possession until 768 NT/2938 EY, when a group of Yaki boarded and stole the Colossus that was transporting the ship. A Teladi treasure hunter found the Colossus and the X in Xenon Sector 101, where the Yaki hid it. The Teladi tried to take the Shuttle for herself, however, another person, who was also looking for the ship got in her way, and took her, along with the X, to Argon Prime's Shipyard, where the ship was fixed and given to its saviour. ==Physical Characteristics== The X-Shuttle is a unique design, reflecting its unique specification. A slim fuselage with an inverted V-tail and engine pods mounted as wings, the X-Shuttle is very much one-of-a-kind. In the 25 years that passed since Kyle gave the X to the Argons, it had a spinal-mounted turret installed right behind the cockpit, giving it another pair of guns to fire. It also had some glowing lines added to certain places on its hull. == Combat == The X-Shuttle has a wide weapon compatibility, is fast, and well fortified. It is one of the top fighters available, but due to its prize nature it is rarely used in fights unless the player is flying it. == Equipment == The X-Shuttle fits a wide variety of weapons from both the Terrans and the [[Commonwealth]]. == Availability == The X-Shuttle is only available as a plot reward for the [[Treasure Hunt]] plot. It is one of two ships that cannot be reverse-engineered at the [[Headquarters | Player Headquarters]] without using cheat mods. == Suggested Roles== Many players use the X-Shuttle for their personal ship. Those who fly [[:Category:Capital Ships|capital ships]] such as [[M7]] for their flagship often use the X-Shuttle as a captain's yacht for docking at normal stations. == See Also== {{M3}} {{M3category}} [[Category:Terran ships]]