{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox variant
|Variant=Yokohama
|Faction=Terran
|Class={{M7class}}
|Priceblock={{Priceblock|| 34950881}}
|Minspeed=56
|Maxspeed=112
|Minaccel=7
|Maxaccel=14
|Minsteer=1.6
|Maxsteer=3.2
|Hull=510,000
|Maxshield=1 GJ
|Shieldslots=5
|Maxshieldstrength=5000
|Shieldreactor=7150
|Cargoclass=XL
|Mincargo=2000
|Maxcargo=2800
|Lasercap=71900
|Laserrecharge=1,617
|Gunbay=<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Main
|Guncount=8
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=1|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Right
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Left
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=0|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Down
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
{{Gunslot
|Slot=Up
|Guncount=2
|ire=0|pac=0|hept=0|
cig=0|ppc=0|
md=0|us=0|prg=0|
cfaa=0|pbc=0|id=0|
ipg=0|ic=0|fbl=0|
psg=0|tbc=0|ebc=0|
faa=0|gc=0|pbe=0|
isr=0|palc=0|pbg=0|ibl=0|
empc=1|maml=1|ssc=1|psp=0|
fbc=0|ake=0|bke=0|gke=0|
eempc=0|pmaml=0|pssc=0
}}
</table>
|Dockbay=
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
Small and compact, the '''Yokohama''' is almost [[M6|corvette]]-sized. Coupled with its strong shields, this makes it very difficult to destroy. However, it is incapable of mounting any form of anti-capital weapon, making it the frigate with the least offensive potential against larger ships. It is best used in an anti-fighter role or to beat down [[M6|corvettes]] and other [[M7|frigates]].

==Background==
The Yokohama [[M7|frigate]] excels at providing stand-off support and protection to a carrier task force.

==Physical Characteristics==
White colored and compact, the Yokohama appears to be an extension of the [[Terran]] [[Katana]] design, with a nearly identical frame and sloping bow. The exposed main gun mounts of the [[Katana]] are moved to directly below the Yokohama's bridge and small wings extend from each side in their place. The Yokohama's bridge, like the Katana's, offers a completely unobstructed view of space.

== Combat ==
In a straight fight versus other capital ships, the Yokohama's advantage in defence is nullified by its weakness in attack. The [[M6|corvette]]-level [[Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher]] lacks the punch of the [[Commonwealth]] frigates' [[Incendiary Bomb Launcher]], but it does give the Yokohama a unique advantage in its lack of weapon energy drain. As such, the Yokohama has greater endurance than most of its [[Commonwealth]] counterparts and will keep firing for longer than others in large battles against multiple capital opponents.

Alternatively, the Yokohama can equip up to twelve [[Starburst Shockwave Cannon]]s, which, combined with its above average shielding, make it extremely effective in an anti-fighter role. With this load-out and a sufficient number of the extraordinarily potent [[Wraith Missile]], the Yokohama can destroy any opponent. Unfortunately the paltry cargo capacity ensures difficulty in crafting a truly versatile load out, especially when considering M/AML ammo.

Yokohamas have issues with their turret coverage; sticking close to the lower right or left hand corners of the ship expose you/enemies to only one turret. If you manage to park a ship directly under it towards the rear and fire, it is a complete blind-spot, leaving the Yokohama helpless as long as you maintain a similar speed to it.

== Equipment ==
'''Hardpoints:'''
*[[Electro-Magnetic Plasma Cannon]]
*[[Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher]]
*[[Starburst Shockwave Cannon]]

'''Missiles:'''
*[[Wraith Missile]]
*[[Poltergeist Missile]]
*[[Spectre Missile]]

== Availability ==
The Yokohama is available for purchase from [[Terran Shipyard]]s in the following sectors:
*[[Mars]]
*[[The Moon]]
*[[Saturn]]

== Suggested Roles==
The Yokohama is an effective patrol leader in sectors frequented by pirates. Specializing in an anti-fighter role, it can also serve as an effective escort for larger ships.

Equipped with twelve SSCs and four EMPCs, the Yokohama also proves quite effective as an [[OOS]] fast response vessel, capable of taking out a [[Xenon Q]] with fighter escort in approximately 30 seconds. This is provided the player watches the fight, which tends to prevent the Q from "one-shotting" the Yokohama.

== See Also==

* [[Maccana|Terran Maccana]]

{{M7}}

{{Terran Navbox}}