{{Infobox open}}
{{Infobox weapon
|weapon=Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher
|hulldam=3700
|shielddam=10000
|range=3.62
|rof= 72
|shotspeed= 445
|maxweapenergy= 5000
|shotcost=1
}}
{{Infobox ware
|ware=Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher
|cargoclass=M
|volume=21
|minprice=433798
|aveprice=451872
|maxprice=469946
}}
{{Infobox close}}
==Overview==
The Matter/Anti-Matter Launcher, or MAML, is a [[Terran]] [[M6|corvette]] and [[M7|frigate]] weapon used against medium and heavy targets. It uses [[Matter/Anti-Matter Warhead]] Ammunition.

==Encyclopedia Entry==
A weapon usually found equipped by corvettes or frigate-sized ships. The Matter/Anti-matter Launcher fires a bomb-like projectile which contains a small amount of anti-matter suspended in an energy field. When the energy is disrupted by impact or fails after a period of time, the anti-matter mixes with the surrounding matter, resulting in a large explosion. This weapon only fires Matter/Anti-matter Warheads.
==Commentary==
The MAML does a large amount of hull damage, but is not as potent against shields. Nevertheless it is still a very powerful weapon, if somewhat limited in accuracy due to the tardy velocity of the warheads. Ammo boxes for this weapon last a long time. Their negligible energy drain and low RoF give [[Terran]]/[[ATF]] corvettes a great capacity for sustained firepower. As far as weapons for taking care heavier ships go, the MAML is the only real option for intermediate Terran ships, as their corvettes and frigates can only chose from these and [[Starburst Shockwave Cannon]]s as ideal main weapons for their class, and the shockwave cannons are only truly efficient in the anti-fighter role.

==Known Compatible Ships==
{|
|- style="vertical-align:top;" 
|
*[[Truelight Seeker]]
*[[Aegir]]
*[[Odin]]
*[[Skirnir|ATF Skirnir]]
*[[Tyr]]
*[[Vali|ATF Vali]]
*[[Vidar|ATF Vidar]]
*[[Katana]]
|
*[[Lasertower]]
*[[Mobile Mining Base Ship]]
*[[Osaka]]
*[[Tokyo]]
*[[Yokohama]]
*[[Xenon J]]
*[[Xenon K]]

|}

==Available at Known Docks==