__NOTOC__
Welcome to the X3 Wiki. This Wiki primarily refers to [[X3: Terran Conflict]] and [[X3: Albion Prelude]], although much of the information here is also relevant for [[X3: Reunion]].

As with all wikis, please feel free to help out wherever you feel you can. This wiki is always a work in progress, and any help is always welcome.

{| width="100%" style="background: transparent;"
|class="" width="50%" rowspan="2" valign="top"|

|}

{| width="100%" style="background: transparent;"
|class="MainPageLeft roseMainFrame" width="50%" rowspan="2" valign="top"|
<center>

== General pages == 

* [[Races]] - A list and description of all Races. 
* [[Ships]] - Overview of the different ship pages.  
* [[Stations]] - List of all Stations. 
* [[Asteroids]] - List of all Asteroids.
* [[Wares]] - List of all Wares. 
* [[Weapons]] - List of all Weapons. 
* [[Missiles]] - List of all Missiles. 
* [[Sectors]] - List of all Sectors. 
* [[Autopilot|Software]] - List of all Software.

| class="roseMainFrame" width="50%" valign="top"|

== Popular pages==

* [[Ownerless_ships|Ownerless ships]] - Ownerless ships list.
* [[Universe Map]] - Map of the X-Universe, as seen in Terran Conflict and Albion Prelude.
* [[Economy]] - Details of the Economy in X3.
* [[Missions]] - List of all Missions in the game.
* [[Universe Trader Guide]] - Understanding Trade Command Software Mk 3.
* [[Bonus Pack]] - Listing all of the officially endorsed editions from the community.
* [[Simulation Modelling|OOS Combat Resolution]] - Understanding the combat game engine.
* [[Abbreviations]] - List of common Abbreviations used throughout the X-Community, including this wiki.
* [[Complex]]es - Complex Building Guide.
</center>
|}


== Sites of Interest ==
* Other websites go here.